16/50 *

I had major depression for decades. Once I finally had health care I was able to take care of it after about 2 years of therapy. Having things like shelter, transportation, time off work, health care makes mental illness much more manageable. 

Mental illness is significantly easier for the rich to deal with. 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
First of all, Taylor Swift deserves little to no credit for anything her name is attributed to; as is the case with most packaged products sold by the music industry, there is no reason to believe she plays any significant role in the production or distribution of any of her songs. She is basically only there to provide a face and a vocal track. A thankless team of relatively unknown people does all of the real work involved. She deserves as much credit for her covers as your girlfriend deserves for singing covers in the shower.

Secondly, her covers are just cynical cross-promotion with other millionaires. She covers songs like "Take Me To Church" by Hozier, which has already generated millions of dollars in revenue and obviously requires no assistance in being heard by anyone at this point. The end result of this cover is that Taylor Swift becomes more popular, and so does Hozier, while every non-famous artist in existence pays the price, because overall exposure to music is a zero-sum game - even the most ardent music fanatic can only listen to one song at a time. The mere existence of Taylor Swift's covers only serves to further suppress the chance that struggling artists will ever be stumbled upon or spoken of. The fact that she only promotes other millionaires, rather than actual talented unknowns who could use some exposure, is something to be condemned, not commended.

Thirdly, you only even know Taylor Swift exists because the toxic music industry who has had a monopoly on distribution methods for decades decided you should know she exists. Unlike Freddie Mercury and Pink Floyd, she didn't earn her fame by being exceptionally talented or gradually rising in the court of public opinion; she just appeared out of fucking nowhere one day, because a couple of people with the money, the power, and the means to distribute such a product decided that she should be packaged, sold, and constantly forced into your ears against your will while you're buying groceries or driving your car. They have no incentive to ever use their own distribution mechanisms to promote music that's actually good, because they only profit if they promote artists that they are actively doing business with, regardless of quality.

Finally, the people who control the music industry are a mentally ill cult obsessed with symbolism. These people actually literally believe that constantly flashing triangles/floating pyramid capstone imagery in our faces gives them magical powers they can use to control us, LOL. Morons. The Taylor Swift brand's take on the pyramid capstone can be seen in the bottom left of that image, embedding her overlapping initials "E.G." in the center. These symbol-obsessed people are Rasputin worshipping tzar- or Scientology- levels of stupid, and just as dangerous: Just like scientology, once you're in, you have to do everything that the de facto religion demands of you, and you can never leave them, disobey them, speak critically of them, or reveal their secret idiotic beliefs; if you do, your life will be destroyed.

In conclusion, Taylor Swift shouldn't be congratulated for making music that sounds good to you, because she doesn't make that music. Other people make that music. She just provides vocal tracks, a face, and a brand name in exchange for a paycheck from rather shitty people. She does, however, deserve sympathy and compassion for silently enduring whatever abuse comes with the contract she signed her autonomy away with. It's obviously very stressful; some people lose their minds as they try in vain to come up with a way to escape the obligations of their brand. Britney Spears' shaved head freakout comes to mind.

inb4 someone shrieks "muh edgy tinfoil fedora" because they're too much of a coward to maintain a train of thought long enough to see that everything I said is transparently, obviously, unquestionably true

Edit: Yo, this is a post I found like ten minutes ago on /r/adviceanimals, I actually love TSwift
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
Addiction is more of a vice, imo. Kochs don't have an addiction to wealth, they're plenty wealthy already. They have an addiction to power. They want more power, and they're willing to spend as much as they can to change the laws to give them more influence and power over politics. 

Further, an addiction to something that is not usually addictive, is seen as a mental illness. 

Smoking causes a physical and mental addiction. It hurts only the person who chooses to smoke, and the addiction has a multiple treatments available.

People are easily corrupt. They can be greedy, but usually they feel empathetic towards others. Sociopaths feel no empathy towards others. Personally, I believe someone can be a sociopath even if they feel empathy and choose to ignore it. 

Can you see why they're dangerous to others?
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
It's absolutely successful because of the millions of elderly and disabled people who aren't living in complete abjection. Have you ever ventured out of the US? It's not a friendly situation when you're accosted by the mentally ill or you watch the elderly wash their underwear in public. And trust me, they don't want to deal with you either. 

It was successful before certain presidents thought it was their checkbook. "How many wars can we start with these funds?" 

If you have a concern with the ratio of payers Vs payees. I have to remind you of the nearly untaxed ruling class that is ready to throw your grandma into the streets. They will slit your child's throat for the right price. 

Don't believe me? Maybe you're not Iraqi. 

If they want to continue to profit from the labor of human beings, they must be taxed. If you are a human being, you need to stand up for your species. The wealthy do not deserve a free ride. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Your lack of understanding about mental illness is disturbing.   Perhaps if people like you didn't pawn their relatives off on people like me,  we wouldn't be having this discussion.   Blame the hospitals,  blame society,  blame everyone but yourselves,  and never blame the individual that demonstrates the schizoid behavior...oh no. ..  Adam lanza is societies fault.  It totally wasn't the fucked mind of a mad man that had all the treatment he could get from his wealthy father.   Nope,  this is on society. 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
I've said before that Rand is probably the only major Capitalist philosopher who I have time for.  Her only real problem is that she does not go far enough.  She depicts the Capitalist entrepreneur or industrialist as being of tremendous value to society.  Fine and good.  When, however, said industrialists are said to be "leeched" from, she apparently suffers from short-sightedness, regarding the degree of potential benefit that said so-called leeches could bring to the entrepreneur him or herself.

As a human being, I have certain emotional and psychological needs, aside from my mere logistical ones.  In addition to a full stomach, I need love, friendship, and a sense of familial belonging; and if these needs are not met, in time mental illness will develop.  You may say that the rich can meet these needs for themselves also; however, I have spent time in the company of wealthy people in the past, and for a year now I have also been living in a particularly economically poor area.  I have noticed that the poor have consistently been kinder and more accepting of me than the proverbial beautiful people; and the poor are also more likely to acknowledge who I really am as a person, rather than the clothes I am wearing.

So from my own perspective, I am engaging in the most efficient and effective form of self-maximisation that I can think of.  I am regularly given free food and marijuana, and there is not always an expectation that I will reciprocate, either; although I do, because it gives me pleasure to do so, and reciprocal obligation allows me to protect myself from future need.  I have had wealthy relatives who lost nearly all they had in banking failures; that taught me to have no desire to become one of them.  As far as I am concerned, economic security is only genuinely possible in terms of assets, not liquidity; and as a result of this, I do not seek liquidity, or wish to have much of it.

You might say that I am not a millionaire or billionaire, but I can truthfully say that at this point I do not wish to be one.  Of what real profit to me is it, to go through the process of that amount of work to acquire what can easily be lost or stolen, while drawing to myself the hatred of the entire world in the process?  Billionaires, to an increasing degree, can no longer enjoy their wealth.  The rage and envy of the poor follows them everywhere they go.  If the natural environment collapses as well, as it is close to doing, then the wealthy will also no longer be able to buy food or water with their money, because there will simply be none.

There is no amount of security measures or weapons which will protect them from the adamance of the socialists; if, in the years to come, they insist on trying to maintain their current lifestyle, they will be in constant danger.  Do not imagine me to be a socialist myself.  My parents were both educated in boarding schools, my father in England, and I went to a private school for four years.  I was born no member of the proletariat; yet I have realised that I must join them if I wish to survive.  I have found value in the words of Peter Kropotkin, and it may be said that my life's path has been very similar to his, thus far.

It is only logical that Rand's titan ***would*** shrug in his situation, but the difference between me and Rand's disciples, is that I myself have already shrugged, as far as the dream of plutocracy is concerned.  I have studied at least a few billionaires, (Bill Gates, Donald Trump) and I genuinely believe that in the aspects which are important to me, I have a better quality of life; at least in the case of Trump.  He may have lots of money, but he has no time, and no real freedom that I can see.  My father was also an Amway distributor for eleven years, and in that time we met several rich men, (including one billionaire) and saw from a distance many more.  Their stories were all the same; they had their wealth, but they had to toil ceaselessly to keep it, in one way or another.  The "passive income" was a lie.

So there is my argument not only for Basic Income, but for the end of plutocracy in general.  Not quite what you might expect, perhaps.  I consider myself just as capable as arguing for this using Rand's own terms, as any socialist is in the vocabulary of Marx.  Plutocracy is harmful to the rich themselves, not merely the poor.

Rand's primary concern was the survival and attainment of maximum benefit to the individual.  So is my own.  My own direct, personal experience has proven to me that the way to ensure this, is to do away with the law of the jungle.  It does not benefit a billionaire if he must live in an opulent walled cage in order to avoid being murdered by the teeming millions of the poor, or if with every fibre of their being they hate him for it.  That is not a life that I wish to live.  If the entire population are fed, housed, and educated, then the gated communities of the rich, will no longer need their walls or gates.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
&gt;Show me how that line is refuting my point.

I did. In the post. Read it. 

&gt;People actually follow the Qu'ran over the hadith 

Irrelevant in the creation of a functioning society. If the Quran had everything needed to create a society no one would need Hadith, Tafseer or sira or to go listen to a preacher. 

&gt; which is factually wrong

Nope. Islamic countries are human rights disasters and lag behind in culture and science. 

&gt; religion is the only reason why societies become functional or not

Straw man, not even gonna bother elaborating. 

&gt;But they still have their culture

It's getting globalized aka westernized pretty fast, especially among the middle class and wealthy. 

For now they hold onto backwards ideas, and it's what's holding them back in terms of human rights and by extension artistic contribution. artistic contribution also goes hand in hand with scientific contribution, successful countries have both in spades because it's creates a feedback loop. It's why the youth there are pushing for change. Once China has better human rights, their society will improve accordingly in everything from science to art.

Or do you think people are happy with how China does things? Plenty of Chinese are not. Get real. 

&gt;How many people they executed this year 

You approve of that, though. Hello Mao?

&gt; that's why people like me don't exist.

You're a fringe minority of insanity my friend. 

Attrition rate of converts is what, like 70% in the first 6 months? Only mentally ill and seriously disturbed people would find Islam appealing in this day and age, it's why so many leave right away. 

&gt;You understand that all they need is a campaign to show how retarded Islamic criticism is to deeply wound the anti-Islam movement ?

Lol yes yes, it's coming any day now. It's only been 1400 years, anti-Islam criticism is about to get owned now that #KONYOLO is here, the neckbeard convert who shitposts on 4chan and reddit all day. 

&gt;[citation needed]

http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Islam_and_Apostasy#Muslims_Leaving_Islam_by_the_Millions

lololol: http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Fake_Conversions

&gt;A lot of Muslims I'm talking about had "stupid years" 

Yes, the truly stupid ones end up going back to Islam because of fear, brainwashing, etc 

The number of exmuslims continues to rise, and the ones already there can finally show themselves. 

Well not entirely, since your Jihadi friends enjoy murdering them. 

&gt;Many people in the west

a.k.a religious right wing idiots. Who cares? I know you do, since you fell for this shit: 

http://i.imgur.com/0mhDkmp.png

You have the same mentality as extreme right wingers and neo-nazis, not surprising. 

&gt;No, you gave one example

Yes, and it's a more successful society than Saudi. 

Unless you think crime rate is the only thing that matters, in which case I'd point you back to North Korea. 

&gt;some people in the west

Keyword: some. 

&gt;they have the moral high ground over you

Or so they think, since you know, morality is subjective. 

&gt;what now ?

What? Oh, was that your point? lol. 

You just built a straw man to attack again. Why so smug kiddo?

&gt;"People should never be punished, ever" 

Terrible excuse. You are talking about beheading and cutting off hands in public. Even you recognize it's bad, by excusing it and saying it's not systematic. 

&gt;You live in a country with rules and punishment, some people don't consider those rules to be "moral".

So what? They all agree it's better than beheading and chopping off hands and lashing. 

&gt;their proxy cold war 

Ah yes yes, Saudi and Irani Cold War is all the West's fault! No ages old rivalry or sectarian hatred there at all...nope. 

Ahh, I forget you're just brat sometimes, ignorant of the world!

&gt;it's working because the crime rate (you know, the thing that can be linked to those laws) is lower 

Ah yes, crime rate, the only thing that defines a successful society. 

Just ignore the massive boost in crime that Muslim immigrants have made in Europe, just ignore the the cultural and scientific contributions of European countries vs Islamic ones, ignore human rights etc 

Nope, only crime matters. top kek. 







<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Because he's the ultimate middle class white male fantasy, a totally competent super wealthy businessman mega genius who takes the law into his own hands in order to fix the corrupt and sick society in which he lives. Batman basically never gets it wrong, is a supremely skilled martial arts master, gets to live a playboy lifestyle during the day while being all moody and tortured at night. He can put on a skintight fetish costume and go beat up all those pesky poor and mentally ill people too.

Most of the audience gives Batman a break because they'd either secretly want to be him or think someone like him should actually exist, even though he should be considered a violent and sadistic vigilante who also embezzles from his company in order to fund his one man war on crime.  
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
What's Wrong With America?
1. People who want to shove their religious and social beliefs down my throat.
2. People who are single issue voters (abortion, gun control, race, gay rights, etc.). 
3. Corporations are not people. People don't exist for the good of corporations. Corporations exist for the good of people.
4.  Chicken Hawks. People who vote to go to war but won't go themselves,
5.  Income disparity. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
6.  Corporate welfare. Why do we subsidize sports teams? Just say no. Let billionaire owners build their own stadiums. Why give farm subsidies to people who are not farmers? Why give billions to oil companies? The amount of government money that goes to corporations far exceeds what goes to social programs.
7.  We need a living wage and a 40 hour work week. Tax companies higher for each part time employee they employ over the age of 20 and under the age of 70. Tax them lower if they pay more. Minimum wage should float with the economy and be enough to live on. Why should I pay higher taxes to buy food stamps for corporate employees who can't make it on the wages they work hard for, so major profitable corporations can avoid paying a decent wage. The salary of the highest paid employee in a company should be tied to the wage of the lowest paid employee.
8.  We need an effective consumer protection agency. Airline tickets should be the same price for everyone. Why should I have to read the small print to find an approximate but still inaccurate price for a car? Why should banks be too big to fail so I need to bail them out? Break them up and put crooks in jail. If you can't protect my private data, don't store it. If you fail to protect my data, you pay me for the violation of my privacy.
9.  Level the playing field.  If the big guys can engage in after hour stock trading, I should, too. Why do we forgive bankers debts but refuse to reduce the interest rates on college loans? I could go on and on with this category.
10.  Everyone should be registered to vote the day they register for the draft--men, women, disabled, everyone. They should never need to register again.
11.  Universal inscription. Everyone. Equal treatment. Fewer wars if we all have to share the pain.everyone serves. 
12.  Medicare for all paid for by a tax on wages. If you don't work, you volunteer or go to school to pay your share to society. Let Medicare negotiate drug prices based on quantity purchasing. That's Capitalism.
13.  End Gerrymandering. This is possible. We did it for decades.
14.  No super majority required in the Senate. That's not what the Constitution says.
15.  I support gun ownership. I also support gun control. Why is this concept so hard to understand? Why should mentally ill own a gun? Why should you need to carry a gun everywhere like bars, school, etc. You don't.
16. If the government subsidizes development of a drug then it should be sold at a reasonable price to taxpayers.
17.  Campaign contributions. The government should fund elections. End corporate contributions. Limit private contributions. Why should the rich have more access to elected officials than I do?
18.  Term limits. Twenty-four year in each house of Congress is enough.
19.  Social Security is not an entitlement. It is insurance I paid for since I was 16 years old and had my first job. It is not failing. It's doing just fine if you keep people working. It doesn't need privatized. Why would we pay a middleman a commission? More welfare for bankers!
20.  When someone commits a crime punish them. Do it swiftly. Make them do the time. Everyone is treated equally. No country club jails for the rich. If a corporation commits a crime, the executives do the time.
21.  Control the police. If a cop crosses the line he should go to jail. His employer should not be allowed to pay any financial judgment against him but the employer should also have to pay their share. Police in the US are very close to losing public support and when that happens they will regret the day. Stop unjust actions by government like civil forfeiture when no charges are brought. Abuse it and lose it. 
22.  For decades we had an equal time requirement on TV. If you had someone on talking about why abortion should be banned, you had to give equal time to someone with an opposing view. It worked. What's wrong with America? Fox News, for one thing. 
23.  Lobbyists:  Want to lobby Congress? Drop off a written packet in their mailbox then leave.
24.  Anyone with any conflict of interest should have to disclose it. My doctor should have to tell me if he gets money from a pharmaceutical company. Any professional who takes anything of value for referrals or kickbacks should have to disclose it. I'm sick and tired of medical people making me take drugs only because they get paid to prescribe them.
25.  Stop trying to privatize everything for the profit of corporations. Did you know Congress just passed a resolution to give all government lands to states and corporations for natural resource development? What? You want to give my public land for private development? Santorum wanted to give the Weather Service to AccuWeather, one of his constituents so they could sell their weather reports to us? Now the push is to bankrupt the postal service so they can give it to private companies.
26. Hold all presidential primaries on the same day. Shorten the election season to reduce campaign costs. 
27.  A president has a right to choose the appointees he wants and unless Congress has a reason related to qualifications, they should not be denied an up or down vote in Congress for confirmation. 
28.  Stop being so offended by minor things. I have a right to "disrespect you", get over it. Stop blindly defending your kids when they do something wrong. Stop demonizing people you disagree with. We all can be nicer to each other. Most Americans are great people but a good minority of us need to re-read their Bibles
29.  Tax churches. Don't tell me the money you give them is already taxed. The money my clients give me was already taxed, too, but I have to pay taxes on it. The only way a church should be allowed to be untaxed is if they engage in NO political activity whatsoever. One violation should void the tax exemption for a decade.


<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Okay, I agree with a lot of things you have said here, but I have also come to a realization about our respective views. I need to preface this all by saying that I don't know how much of my opinions you have read from other conversations here, so some of this may sound a little redundant. Also, that I don't pretend to lump you in to any category or anything, so if I ever mistakenly use the term 'you will' when I should just be saying 'people will' or when I talk about groups, libertarians, capitalists, etc I am not specifically referring to you personally. I think that one major problem in the disagreement we have is that it is difficult for us to see our own bias that may spring from our respective viewpoints or frameworks, or also where we might self-identify whether the other person knows this or not.

Some of the principles that I try to abide by include a huge emphasis on forgiveness, because to err is human, and because intent and outcome are so rarely coincident. People *usually* have good intentions, but are far too capable of being unable to see all the potential consequences (positive and negative) of how they act on their good intentions. I understand that people will place their own needs in front of others especially when faced with necessity, but I think we do not have a good perspective of our necessity in our country at all. (Of course, people can also be assholes who just want to destroy and self destruct.) I also think that one of the huge things spurring issues in our society stem from our difficulty with figuring out how best to live, now that most of us are not creatures of necessity. Most American lives can be lived relatively comfortably with relatively little effort or work involved. I think we still view abundance and wealth as the utmost importance, when in reality it is no longer the case that more always equals better. The US society specifically puts wealth generated through the use of an *economic tool*, on a godlike pedestal. We absolutely worship money here, and it gets to the point of a mental illness, or a drug addiction. The money is no longer viewed as the simple economic tool that it is, and instead of wealth being the goal, the dollars are the goal... to the point of the detriment of their value. The perspective becomes skewed to a crazy extent. All of this confusion causes the rich and the poor to blame each other for what is just a reality of our current state: They call each other undeserving leeches on society. Are the rich 'to blame' for amassing wealth simply because the poor still exist... does this make them 'selfish'? Are the poor 'to blame' for asking the rich to help them more simply because they are rich...does this make them 'selfish'? Having grown up poor to lower middle class, my perspective has had to learn about the other side: I understand why the rich might  feel that they have earned a right to a life with less effort involved, while the poor have not, regardless of the fact that I have not experienced that feeling myself.

All of this admittedly gives me a measurable amount of bias, some I can recognize, and much I am sure that I am totally unaware of. I am far too trusting of people for my own good, and consequently feel constantly let down by the people around me. This is also a part of the reason I so easily dismiss profit motives and elevate the importance of government, perhaps to an extent that blinds me to the negatives other people *do* experience directly from government. Most of my interactions with government have been positive ones, although I have experienced some very negative ones. I understand fully that many people have probably had vastly more negative experiences with government than positive, and I do not pretend to discount their experience, but also must try to see how this might bias them in their own ways.

The few parts of what you said here that I disagree with, are the ideas about money not being “about the system,” but about people and that there are only individual actors, and I feel I should address those first. While I do understand the truth in saying there are only individual actors and everything else is 'theater', the extent you have taken that truth to ignores other undeniable truths (or at least tends to allow us to set them aside): **Individual actors can come together in groups to accomplish tasks that individual actors can not accomplish alone, and that all of our actions (individual or collective) have consequences beyond the here and now.**

Let me give you a concrete example: One individual actor may have 15,000 automatic rifles that he chooses to sell to another individual actor who happens to have the money to pay for them because he is an African warlord, but that transaction has far reaching consequences that need to be taken into consideration. We can not remove the consequences of the transaction in order to relieve anyone (ourselves or the two individual actors) of the burden of the FACT that there are horrible consequences that come out of putting an arsenal of weaponry into the hands of completely impressionable child soldiers. Similarly, the African warlord can't say, “Well, I just gave the 10 year old the rifle, and told him to shoot it at the people, but he made his own choice... the 10 year old and the people he killed were simply partaking in an interaction independent of me as an actor.” We have influence, and our actions can not be viewed independently. The actors in this example should know that one actor alone can not possibly have use for 15,000 rifles.

I know that a lot of this does not need to be explained to you, like I know you see that individuals can join in groups to accomplish tasks they otherwise would be unable to do, but I think perhaps you lose perspective of what this reality has created. When groups of people join together, the synergy in their combined efforts can be used to accomplish goals that are good and bad, but is is important to realize that the reason any of these groups are corruptible is only because people are corruptible. “Businesses” are not bad by their definition, although that is exactly how some people view them due to their own respective moral values... A business is by definition an organization that wants to provide a person with something that is worth less than they are going to charge you for it in order to amass wealth for themselves. I don't agree with this moral take on business, but I understand it is some people's view. I think businesses can be bad or good, and that even good ones can cause bad things to happen sometimes, even though it is not their intention. Governments are also not bad by definition. Most reasonable people agree (to a point that we must and do refer to it as self evident) that people should have some basic rights and that we want to band together to protect those rights. Simply put: We choose to live by rules. There are natural rules of the world in which our man-made rules must be built, but that is the choice we have made. Some people view governments as inherently 'bad' because of what it is: Governance, forcing people to live by a set of rules. Now, we could get into all sorts of discussions on how or why different forms of governance might employ different forms of law enforcement agencies to carry out this task, but this conversation runs deeper than that. The truth is that if we are going to live by rules, those rules must be enforced, and it is an unfortunate truth of reality that enforcement requires the use of force. This is the sticking point in my conversation with another poster here: He can't get over the fact that in order to have rules we must have enforcement, and because of the nature of enforcement, a part of that is the use of force. Obviously, I don't agree with the view that all use of force of one human to another is bad. I agree with our decision to live by rules, and I realize the pointlessness of trying to argue for a society that never uses force. Perhaps one day, but at this point in time, peaceful utopias are purely fantasy. As a side note, a part of my anger and frustration that I display including coming to this sub to troll comes from that “self-evident” part... Many, if not most of the debates I have with libertarians fall into the category of things that our society only debates in an educational setting: We refer to them as basic human rights, unalienable, self-evident... These are conclusions that are not up for debate in society. We have looked at every angle and tackled every question. (Ours, here, is not one of those debates, but explains perhaps a lot of the more basic stuff that needs to be expressed here, and more of the basis for my perspective.)

<TRUE,TRUE>
------
This may be belaboring the point, but it also occurs to me that if humans *don't* overcome their nature, that means most of the planet is going to have a pretty strong incentive to prevent it from being destroyed. Particularly the resources of the rich and powerful. If there was any real chance of that organization actually destroying the planet, I am pretty sure that the rest of the world would take steps to destroy the organization.

You might suppose that at some point there will be technology in the hands of the average person that can destroy the planet. This seems either unlikely or irrelevant depending on how one looks at it. Those same rich/powerful people would have an interest in preventing such technology from being developed or falling into the hands of someone like Only One Solution that would use it to destroy the planet. *Or* if by some chance, it was so easily available, you really wouldn't have to worry about doing it yourself: some mentally ill person would destroy the planet for you because they were having a bad day.

It seems like the only legitimate chance of destroying the planet lies with most of the planet (or at least most of the power/influence on the planet) being willing to make that sacrifice. If that was the case then there wouldn't actually be a compelling reason to go through with such an extreme action.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
The Liberals aren't exactly friends of the poor either:

- Trudeau wants to give $500M in taxpayer money to "job creators" (read: the wealthy class who own businesses) [but economists think his plan won't create many \(if any\) jobs.](http://www.680news.com/2014/09/26/baloney-meter-how-credible-are-the-plans-of-parties-to-tweak-ei-premiums/)

- [He's pledged to protect all previous tax cuts for businesses and the rich.](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/justin-trudeau-defends-andrew-leslie-vows-not-to-raise-taxes-1.2547076)  This is money that used to be spent on our country and its people, now it just helps the rich make even more money.  It's these tax cuts that have contributed to growing inequality.  Why is Trudeau promising outright to keep these tax cuts but making only vague references to inequality?

- [Liberals, including Trudeau, all support FIPA and the TPP](http://www.canadianprogressiveworld.com/2013/04/23/betrayal-trudeau-and-the-liberals-voted-for-harpers-sellout-fipa/).  More competition for jobs with the third world!  

- [Trudeau lobbies on behalf of businesses in his riding to exempt them from having to properly qualify for TFWs when everyone already knows the standards are too lax as it is](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/tories-release-letter-by-trudeau-asking-for-temporary-foreign-workers-for-his-riding/article11339272/)

- [Trudeau supported the sale of Nexen to China and even wrote an article explaining why it's great for the wealthy business class if we sell our resource companies to foreign governments](https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CDUQFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fo.canada.com%2Fnews%2Fnational%2Fjustin-trudeau-why-the-cnooc-nexen-deal-is-good-for-canada&amp;ei=CRzNVLXIG8mqyASF-4HQAw&amp;usg=AFQjCNHjW0-_lG5ep22Ha7yjamrQxSBcrQ&amp;sig2=dZjDyxyhCa5QMUnRgP-Cpw&amp;bvm=bv.85076809,d.aWw).  More Canadians laid off.

Not to mention his party's history here:

- lower taxes for the wealthy

- lower taxes for corporations

- decreased spending on federal social services

- slashed transfer payments that caused decreased funding at the provincial and municipal levels too, including significant reductions to health spending

- growing income and wealth inequality

- growing environmental damage

- growing surveillance state, support for policies like lawful access

- stagnant wages

- rising tuition

- trade agreements that outsource jobs and restricted our ability to write laws that are good for Canada instead of multinational corporations

- foreign workers displacing Canadian workers and lowering their wages  which began in 2002 when the Liberals expanded the program to include "unskilled labor"

- growing national security apparatus and information sharing with the United States causing irreparable harm to our citizens, like the mentally ill being denied entry to the US because of Liberal info sharing agreements that include mental health issues

- a CRTC that was being run by telco executives that was gouging consumers even more than they do today

- sending us to Afghanistan to spend $22B when all of the experts warned us it would be pointless and would accomplish nothing

- cancelling military purchases that were needed only to pay penalties and make the same purchase later anyways

- allowing bank consolidation that reduced competition and caused higher prices for consumers

- oil &amp; gas subsidies that exceeded what even Harper is giving them

- supply management policies that mostly benefit corporate farms and cause higher prices for consumers

This is the Liberal Party right here.  This is what they stand for, yet millions of Canadians will be duped into supporting these and many other policies against their own interests by voting for Justin Trudeau.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
&gt;The most efficient method for the wealthy to get more wealthy would be to take in those who are so poor that they can't survive and keep them in sheds and feed them for their labour.

Why do you just assume this? Under what grounds is it the most efficient means? I'm going to be crass and exaggerate here, but "those who are so poor that they can't survive" could very well be mentally ill, violent, drug addicts with nothing to offer an employer. Charities exist, as do opportunities, so you'd have to imagine that your destitute lot (save for if there were an Act of God) are in such bad shape that they can barely function. What use have you for them?

I employ about 200 workers in a poor country and I'm always looking for "the most efficient method." I'm not digging up the dregs, though I certainly could if I wanted to.

&gt;completely economically dependent on the wealthy to the extent that there is no way for them to try to strike out on their own.

Even in that case, short of literal bondage, nobody is "completely economically dependent." Your argument is packed with leaps of logic which, to me at least, don't make a lot of sense. It's like you crafted a fantastic story and are using it to shape your worldview. It's no different than using Planet of the Apes to "disprove libertarianism" or Star Trek to "justify socialism."
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
For #1, not if his apparently wealthy family views mental illness as a shameful thing and refuses to assist him with treatment or back up an order for institutionalization and denies he has any problem at all, instead giving him a position in the family business that does nothing as a way of funneling him money.

I've seen it happen in a family I know in person, it wouldn't be entirely surprising if it were happening here. 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
You're not welcome in my subreddits, kid. It's not because of anything you did that was "accurate". 

&gt;Said someone who bullies people for how they were born

A large number of people who seem to be "born that way" grow out of it. There are some born that way, but not all. 

Just because you are born with something doesn't mean it's not a mental illness. Pedophiles are born that way, and so are others like psychopaths. 

&gt;pretends to know more than the entire medical field

I did no such thing, liar! 

&gt;Please tell me how denying people their identities based on your personal opinion is not bigotry.

This shouldn't be so hard for you to understand. If their identities are contrary to reality then they are suffering from mental illness. Perhaps [this Loony Toons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIQJey-BZ4s) cartoon can help you to understand it. 

&gt;Or you only trust that 1 guy who happens to believe what you believed originally? 

I only posted a link to the one guy, an expert and pioneer in the field, who took the time to write an editorial for one of the largest and most well-respected newspapers in the country. You can go and look up and down the field. I assure you that there are others who agree with that one guy. 

&gt;You're a sack of shit man

You're a very hateful and intolerant person. 

&gt;I relaly hope you either never have kids or just keep quiet about this shit when it starts to become more of an issue

I plan to raise my kids in an economically and ethnically diverse environment. And if the tranny subject comes up I will of course be frank about it, as any good parent would. 

&gt;Transgender rights will be the defining movement of our times once Gay marriage is finished 

LOL. Talk about scraping the bottom of the barrel. Tranny rights as the defining movement of our time? ROFL. You need to educate yourself and become more knowledgeable about the world. The US is such a relatively problem-free and wealthy place that the activists are now looking to mentally ill people for groups to champion. 

You are one big bag of hate and ignorance. I will not stop telling the truth just because a hateful, intolerant little kid like you tells me to. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Respect for being an unmanageable human being.

If you're poor and suffer from mental illness and have a drug a problem.  You'll be locked up, called a menace, and even possibly be killed by the system.  

But if you're rich, you're delightfully 'eccentric'.  You're a self-medicator with a medical problem that certainly can't be cured by being treated like a criminal.  Fuck no, not rich people.  Even if you're completely incompetent and utterly shit at everything you do, people will fawn over you like a superstar.  You will receive heaps of love you have done *nothing* to deserve, just for being who you are, now matter how fucked up you might be.  
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
&gt; Property rights are about more than what you start with. Everyone has a body, everyone can work, everyone can earn things for themselves. These are reasons to support property rights.

But we know this isn't always true. Some people can work. Other people are unable to. Millions are born handicapped or with severe illness, like Stephen Hawking. Or millions are born with mental illnesses we don't yet know how to cure.  There's lots of random events that life can cause that leave people unable to 'work.' And if they are born without ample starting resources, odds are strong they will die.

And what's so great about work if you're born wealthy? People born to families with large property assets will never need to work a day in their life. Their families passed wealth from generations through the old colonial empires of Europe all the way to now. Some own entire oil fields, massive land holdings, and political connections of every manner. The power of controlling these resources allow their owners to make money without their ever having to exert any effort. Resources that will give them an income for the rest of their life without ever having to do anything other than feed their own pleasures. They can spend their life flying around on a private jet, appearing on reality shows, and night club openings. Why would they ever want to work?

Then you've got the problem that power and money are freely exchanged. If you have a centralized state run by humans, their power can be purchased for money contributed to their bank account or campaign funds. This allows those with huge starting resources to change the laws and block the ones without from competing on the same level. They can hoard resources and force the lesser groups to fight or compete for access to land, food, money, etc.  And the more you keep for yourself, the cheaper their labor becomes to exploit. And so forth.


&gt; There is imbalance in the starting conditions, sure, but so what? Life isn't a game that you try to win by having the most stuff.

Life isn't a game, but the system is. We currently have a global system dominated by one type of capitalism (crony nation-state capitalism) which you cannot escape. If you don't want to play this game, your options are die abdanoned on the streets or live as a stateless fugitive. This is why many people [quit the game when they lose or never acquire points.](http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/05/more-americans-committing-suicide-than-during-the-great-depression.html) 


So is there a better way? Almost certainly. Probably multiple better ways using modern decentralization technology to rethink how we control and share finite natural resources.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
&gt; Not exactly. If I were claiming that males and females were completely different species then yes it would be the same logic. But I'm not.

Point is, you're saying your something your not. There obviously needs to be more research done. I'd love to see some sort of twin study on this matter.

&gt;Yeah I can't change my DNA which sucks. Since my brain is telling me I'm a boy even though I have a girl body. And that fact causes really bad body dysphoria

Well Gender Dysphoria is in the DSM, but transgender was taken out. Why? If the dysphoria is a certified mental disorder than why the fuck isn't CUTTING YOUR DICK OFF. How is that not a mental disorder??!?!! answer: Jews.

&gt;Which is the main reason trans people take HRT. To elevate that dysphoria.

It's a mental illness and should be treated not with HRT.

&gt;In fact the only reason I think y'all are a bunch of jerks for the most part is y'all misgendering us and not wanting us to elevate our dysphoria . And a lot of you wanting us trans people to die a horrible death.

Not misgendering. You don't have a Y chromosome, therefor you are not a man. I don't want anyone to die. I just want people to stop being so loud about it and forcing it down people's throats. I'm sick of cultural Marxism, and transgenderism is one of the many tentacles of Marxism.

&gt;Basically autism is something you're born with. It'a apart of you're brain structure. It's impossible to get it in any other way. Especially vaccines. Besides even if you get autism through vaccines I'd rather have the person live and have autism than have them die of an illness.

Well, over 5000 girls have died from HPV vaccines. Also, they guess the flu vaccine from the previous years strain, and they have never been right.

&gt;Also, jews? why jews? Why not really rich people or something?

http://imgur.com/akHVWfi  They are the really rich people. They use usury to get their way and control a nations people's through money.

&gt; Like trans people for example need both therapy and medicine, while a person with minor depression should just only get therapy to deal with that.

Yes, therapy and medicine that's not any HRT bullshit and gets to the root of the problem.

&gt;Oh and regret? Yeah I can agree with you on that. Basically, If someone thinks they are going to regret surgery then they probably shouldn't get it. Like me for example I definitely want to get surgery to remove my breasts. But I don't want to get some semi-functional dick. I'll just stick to packers for that. (If you don't know what packers are it's essentially a realistic looking plastic dick so you look like you have a male genitals.) 

Countless stories on regret. It's body mutilation. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I had a best friend just like this.  I was going through a bad time in my life where I kind of isolated myself and was having issues with drugs/alcohol.  I got invited to this get-together at this dude's house (we'll call him Dan).  I had heard tons of stories about Dan from mutual friends.  Girls said he would date them and cheat on them constantly, that he was a pathological liar, prone to violent outbursts, etc.

So I meet Dan and him and I get along great.  I decide to generate my own opinion of him.  Next thing I know, he's picking up the phone calling me after the party wanting to hang out.  He took this huge shine to me.  So I'm hanging out with the guy constantly and within a few weeks I'm already his new best friend.  Yeah, I thought it was weird, but I liked him too.  He had a very bizarre outgoing personality (which is usually what I'm attracted to), and it was a rough time in my life and I needed a friend.

Over time though he lets me in more and more.  I start becoming close with his girlfriend as well and then he starts opening up.  I watch him hitting on a girl at a party and he takes me aside and admits he cheats on her a lot.  He was a master thief who would walk into any retail store and come out with tons of stuff dropping out of his jacket sleeves.  He had suffered from a lot of mental illness like psychosis, depression, and bipolar disorder, but would oftentimes even make up illnesses.  One time he even claimed that he had a "modern day version of lycanthropy" that would cause him to become increasingly angry and violent during full moons.

Over time my relationship with Dan just grew strained.  He was overly abrasive and had no sense of personal boundaries.  He would show up at my house unexpected, tell me secrets I didn't want to know, and have me sit and watch while his girlfriend and him would get into shouting matches.

I had become very close with his sister during this time and found out even more about the guy.  He had a long history of violent behavior and caused an endless amount of distress for his parents who would have to constantly bail him out of trouble.  He came from this upper class family with some of the most supportive and loving parents I had ever seen and I just always wondered what went so wrong.  I felt so envious of him for that because my family had always been so dysfunctional.

Eventually I just came to realize that he sucked so many people into his life because of how charming he was.  Their family moved around a lot and every circle of friends he ever had would eventually cut him out.  It was tough for me, but I had to accept the fact that if he wasn't a psychopath, he at least had a lot of psychopathic qualities, and he was someone I needed to get out of my life.

One day in a fit of my own rage towards him I started to cut him out.  A couple weeks later I get a call from his girlfriend who wants to know truthfully whether or not he cheated on her.  I was sick of keeping his secrets so I told her the truth about everything.  Once he found out I told her, he disappeared in his car for hours, not picking up his phone.  I had to hold down my apartment and let my roommate know that someone dangerous might be coming over.

And eventually that was it.  We saw each other a couple times after that and managed to remain civil.  Best part though was he somehow managed to get his girlfriend to stay with him after I told her everything.  Talk about being fucking manipulative.
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
You are absolutely right, life has its ups and downs, its just the ratio is off within reality from what I feel I was led to expect, far, FAR more downs than ups. I think that this sort of disenchantment happens to A LOT of people as they go through adulthood, culminating as depression and perceived mental illness, but no one seems to want to talk about it.  I've figured out the meaning in life, our collective purpose, and that is to make the wealthy even richer.  The American Dream is a myth perpetuated by the people who stand to gain by others clawing their way for a tiny piece, and no amount of hard work will get you anywhere without the right privilege or gift of talent. We all then have to work even harder to look past this and just *be*.

Edit: Are those Lord of the Rings references?  Can you explain their relevance please?  I have never seen it.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I was born on the more well-off side of things, so education and self-improvement was something that was taught to me from a pretty early age. But if both your parents are working their asses off just to support your ability to eat then they do not have the time or energy to instill good habits that they themselves probably don't even have, and school comes second to trying to get through that day to day. Add in mental illnesses and people who are disabled through no fault of your own and you are talking about a large % of the US population. I think the major issue here is that you lack any sort of empathy to a lifestyle that you know nothing about, and the issues that come with it.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I know people that drink and are underage, and all that sort of stuff. But you're a real stickler for logic since your original argument was that the use of retard was purely logical and had nothing to do with mental illness, so I figured you're a stickler for rules as well.

I can type the word retard. See? I just did it! Its not like if I type it then I suddenly cannot function, I can function fine since I'm used to shitheads like you.

&gt;you're accusing ME of discrimination! Excellent!

There is a big difference between the classism in that sentence and the ableism in yours. Mainly that retard is used against people that have been dealt shitty hands in life that is usually out of their hands, whereas classism against the rich and pampered is simply a response to the shitty lives that the middle and lower classes have because of the upper class.

Are you gonna say that a black person saying "Cracker" is on the same level as a white person saying the n word next? 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Ok, you do have a point there.

Both of my parents work for the Alabama Dept. of Mental Health, and what they both tell me is that most mentally ill people wind up in prison and not in the treatment hospitals.

It is very unfortunate.  And part of the problem is the state has slashed funding to keep the hospitals open.

That being said.... I think much of the MI problems we see will disappear with a BI.  And you've said you're already a supporter, so I won't try to explain it.

Have you done any reading on mental illness rates across the world.  What you will find is that in the societies with a big gap between the rich and the poor (America), mentall illness is sky high.

In places were inequality is much narrower (the rich and the poor are not nearly as far apart), mental illness is asoundingly smaller.

I think some of the nordic countries show all kinds of advances in terms of societal health.

For one, there is no such phenomenon as a high school drop out over there.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
If he was not mentally ill he was a complete moron. "I'm gonna kill myself to show everyone how those fucking rich ass holes can buy everything and I can't buy shit!" If he killed himself in the act of saving someone else's life this would be different but society isn't going to stand up and applaud you for senselessly killing yourself because "rich people are rich".
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
There is also quite a bit of difference between a place like Sudan and Somalia and the USA and the UK. It does not matter what the laws are, some have entirely different situations which make them safe or unsafe.

I meant, Syria has, as far as I know, restricting gun laws for example.

Also, within the USA, there are subcultures which are significant. The hood in Philly is not going to have the same sort of situation as the entire state of Nebraska or other parts of Pennsylvania. 

The issue is not guns, but people.

&gt; people prone to severe violence obviously should be disallowed. 

I think that is a slippery slope. After all, politicians are making the laws, rich people with bodyguards. To them, the "mentally ill" are one big group of people. 

Everything makes sense in hindsight. What is to stop a homicidal or suicidal person from using any means to do what they will? Cannot get a gun? Get a car and plow into a crowd. A single bus stop for a school bus and nearly any instrument and you have yourself a slaughter better than any firearm could manage. 

We are, as a society, quite vulnerable. It is only because those risks are quite improbable that we ignore them. Firearms are a symbol, but if everybody focuses on the symbol, they forget the actual problem.

&gt;  If they have demonstrated that they have self-control and are rational and with a clean criminal history free of violent offenses, they should be allowed to own firearms if they choose.

My mother, who is older (obviously), has ASD. She has a pistol for self defense. She felt very vulnerable when we all grew up and moved out. 

Anybody who wants to get into other people's business here, should use her as the example. She has a pistol locked up in her room. 

**Anybody here have a compelling reason why this should be a criminal offense?**


<TRUE,FALSE>

------
&gt; It seems zero hours contracts is unfortunately the route the route the govnerment wants to take on this problem which to me solves nothing. your value in society is still going to be based on how much you work and earn... We have a small homologous population which makes the country a perfect candidate to trial a basic income model.

Zero hours contracts are a big headache, however they combined with social benefits consist on what basic income scheme would be minus bureaucracy and paper handling. With basic income the situation wouldn't actually change a lot. Actually it would create another set of headaches, not to mention basic income creates an illusion that an individual has earned the money, he and she hasn't, it was earned and then paid by others, so I will call it as automatic social benefit... So... If everybody would be paid the 750e per month, then the state would need to tax even more and adjustment mechanism inside the taxation... Now if basic income would be paid only to those in need, then we would still need a mechanism to balance benefits and income from wages.

I would say that the problem currently is that going to work creates too much bureaucracy. This is actually largely an IT-problem and reporting problem. Companies do report every month on how much wages they paid in total, but they only report at the end of the year per individual on how much different individuals were paid. If however companies would report every month per individual on how much they paid, then that information could be used to pay out automatically social benefits instead of need for individuals to offer a paper trail on what they did and how much should be paid to them.

Another thing that what hasn't been touched is that even with automatic social benefits there still would be bureaucracy to handle people who miss manage their benefits. Essentially the classic cases of "I don't have any money now, I need money for the next two weeks food". 

&gt;  I have a feeling once you detach peoples self worth from their job and earnings suddenly you will have a lot more people involved in community activity's and voluntary work, caring for the elderly and disabled and so on and suddenly this need to import people to do those sorts of jobs wont be a big issue anymore either and mental illness wont be such a problem either. 

The question is it efficient. The thing is that we already have an decreasing workforce while at the same time the rate of dependableness are increasing. If we in the future want to maintain current lifestyle and quality of services then what we need is people going to work. And it is not like there isn't work. There is work. Currently there are more open positions in Uusimaa than there was in the record high year of 2007. The problem is matching workforce with available work. In some cases it needs relocation, in some cases it needs re-education, and in too many cases it is the case of apply more.

&gt; I've gone off on an incredible tangent here but in short I think there is a fundamental reason rates of depression and metal illness are ten times what they were in the 1940's, it's only going to get worse so I see no reason not to be that innovate country once again and try something new. unfortunately fear is the main driver for everyone in society right now from the leaders to the unemployed and it's not getting anyone anywhere. People see unemployment and know there will be less jobs in the future but then are told we need to import more workers, People see that we are getting poorer but yet the rich are getting richer. the world is so paradoxical I'm not surprised so many people give up and languish at the bottom of society. 

In 1940s if you had mental problems, you were out there alone with them. First of all there was much less possibility to diagnose on what you had, and secondly there were much less on what was described as mental illness. The reason why we have "more" "mental illness" is actually a first world problem, an illusion. Instead of a person trying to cope with his or her problems, it is much easier to just outsource problems and blame them on ADHD or as bipolar-disorder. Both by the way are over hyped and over diagnosed, because they are not real diseases. Bipolar-disorder is just a collection of different kind problematic behavior which allows doctors to describe them mental medication. And ADHD, in USA they made a study and discovered that ADHD diagnoses increase from January until to the cut off time on being transferred on next years class, and after that cut off ADHD magically almost disappears.

&gt; Just like Iceland took a different route as opposed to bailing out banks and it seems to be paying off I think Finland should take a different path as regards future proofing our population and society.

Iceland actually bailed out their banks. What they did was to create new Icelandic banks where they transferred customers and assets from the branches of failed Icelandic banks. What they didn't do is to cover customers of their foreign branches. These savers and customers were saved by UK and Netherlands governments which covered their deposits. The big fight between Iceland and UK &amp; Netherlands was should Iceland directly cover the bailout done by these governments or would they need to try to get their money back from the liquidation of these banks. Anyways what happened in Iceland is that the Icelandic currency became worthless in a matter days and Iceland set up a currency board thus individuals and companies couldn't and still can't freely exchange ISK to foreign currency. The even worser thing is that people who caused the collapse of ISK and ran the country on brink of bankruptcy went Scot free. Iceland is really corrupt and cronyist in this case.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I would assume she was mentally ill (most likely), under the influence, or non-rational from illness (many people become combative and irrational when their bodies are severely compromised).  

I don't know if she sealed her own fate, or the community sealed her fate by being structured in a way to respond in this manner.  In other words, if she was in a less wealthy nation, a person may have seen her condition and forced her to go into the warmth and get help because she clearly needed it no matter what she said.  They aren't thinking about what the rules are for when to intervene and when not to intervene, they are simply following their own internal barometer.

If she continued to act against her own best interest, they may then force her to be healed, to sober up so she is willing to be healed, or some other forced help.

On the other hand, the rules that made help leave are there to protect people from being interfered with against their wishes.  One person's perception of being helped is another person's perception of being persecuted.

So it's a very complex thing, and we keep swinging the pendulum back and forth trying to find what's the balance between personal rights and moral responsibility.   What is the best system for all of us?
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
&gt; Point is, you're saying your something your not. There obviously needs to be more research done. I'd love to see some sort of twin study on this matter.

Yeah, I would love to have some more research done. Currently the only studies that I know of is the only where [scientists compare the brains of trans people](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/01/150107082133.htm), [with the brains of cis people](http://www.journalofpsychiatricresearch.com/article/S0022-3956\(10\)00158-5/fulltext).

&gt;Well Gender Dysphoria is in the DSM, but transgender was taken out. Why? If the dysphoria is a certified mental disorder than why the fuck isn't CUTTING YOUR DICK OFF. How is that not a mental disorder??!?!! answer: Jews.

Well, gender dysphoria is what defines being trans. If you have dysphoria then your trans. So it's basically the same thing but with a different name. Also, is Jews your answer to everything?

&gt; It's a mental illness and should be treated not with HRT.

Why not? A mental illness is something in the mind that lowers your quality of life. Like depression or severe anxiety. Which trans people frequently experience. HRT helps with that immensely. So it could be considered pretty effective medicine.

&gt;  Not misgendering. You don't have a Y chromosome, therefor you are not a man. I don't want anyone to die. I just want people to stop being so loud about it and forcing it down people's throats. I'm sick of cultural Marxism, and transgenderism is one of the many tentacles of Marxism.

My DNA may not be male, but my mind certainly is. If it wasn't I probably wouldn't be talking to you right now. You may not want anyone to die, but some of the other users comments on this subreddit certainly imply that. Also, many of us just want to live our lives. Not have the fact we're trans define us. (except the SJWs, they just want attention and in my opinion should fuck off.) And "cultural Marxism"? Isn't that some type of conspiracy theory?

&gt;   Well, over 5000 girls have died from HPV vaccines. Also, they guess the flu vaccine from the previous years strain, and they have never been right.

It's not that they don't get it right. It's that the flu virus mutates so much that they need to make new vaccines for it pretty often.

&gt; http://imgur.com/akHVWfi  They are the really rich people. They use usury to get their way and control a nations people's through money.

Sources please. That's just an image that could've been made by anyone. So I would like some articles on this if you don't mind.

&gt; Yes, therapy and medicine that's not any HRT bullshit and gets to the root of the problem.

And what do you think is the root of the problem?

&gt;Countless stories on regret. It's body mutilation.

As I said, people shouldn't get the surgery if they think they're going to regret it. By the way, do you think regular ol' plastic surgery also count as body mutilation? 

<TRUE,FALSE>
------
&gt;  just because you don't like the people who use them.

Has nothing to do with who I like and don't like. 

&gt; Privilege has been a word in the English language for centuries.

Absolutely. The problem isn't the word "Privilege". 

It's the feminist definition of the word "Privilege" - which is not the dictionary definition. Feminists define "Privilege" to mean "Rights + Social Power" - 

They then use their definition of "Patriarchy" - another definition that isn't in the dictionary, which to them means "A system of social construct that men use to oppress women". 

Combining these two definitions - neither of which are the dictionary definition of the word, but rather are definitions created by feminist language construction - to say that because women are "oppressed by men under patriarchy" that they can't have privilege, since "Privilege is Rights + Power". 

&gt; Intersectionality ... which is simply a thing that exists

We disagree. It's not a "thing that exists". It's a construct used to influence people. If you wanted to say that different people face different challenges, sure. But to say intersectionality is valid, you have to buy into the whole set of social construct that has been created with all it's different redefinitions - I don't agree that much of that construct is valid at its premise, therefore intersectionality is just as much a falsehood, even if the general idea might have validity. 

Intersectionality is, in my opinion, a realization that they needed a different way of saying they were oppressed when confronted with the realization that black *men* might actually have it worse than middle or upper class white *women* - you know, the ones creating these definitions to conclude that they are the most oppressed group in history. This allows them to say "yeah, you're black, that makes you somewhat oppressed but you still have male privilege". 

&gt; These words, like "toxic masculinity", mean a specific thing.

No, they don't. They mean whatever the particular user of the term wants them to mean at the tiem they are using them. They are also very loaded terms since they demonize behaviour by specifying gender - so yes, there is a very large problem with using that terminology. There is nothing inherently "toxic" about masculinity.

Your argument is a dodge around the idea that the whole redefinition of language can actually have effects on the public. If that's your intent then you are doing doubleplusgood. 

The only way your argument stands is if you accept the term "toxic femininity" as well, which I consider just as ludicrous and you argued against at the top of the thread. There are clearly negative behaviours which are commonly female, just as there are negative behaviours that are commonly male, supporting the language to demonize half the population while arguing that the other half has no ills that can justify identical demonization is not only short sighted, it should be considered a form of mental illness since it is so willfully blind and ignorant. 


&gt; As for rape culture ... they're valid concepts

No, they are not. They are redefinitions being used to shape thinking. And working very well for you. Another doubleplusgood pat on the head. 

I have heard a very common definition for rape culture, I think you are trying to escape this one since you probably realize that it is so stupid that it is near indefensible. This is also a term defined and used in feminist academia, so saying it doesn't have a definition is simple being a weasel. 

Rape culture is generally defined as a situation where 
"rape is pervasive and normalized due to societal attitudes about gender and sexuality" 

The general argument is whether current western society is "rape culture" - I would say that there are almost no societies *ever* where rape was *normalized due to societal attitudes about gender and sexuality*. Normalized due to societal attitudes about the appropriate treatment of a people conquered during war, maybe, but not because of attitudes of gender and sexuality. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Companies don't care about taking care of the meek, the impoverished, the oppressed, the abused, the hungry, the mentally ill, or anyone who is caught by social safety nets.  They exist only to maximize profits.  Private institutions are not capable of providing a socially safety net.  I'm not interested in a world where the weakest are allowed to starve and die and we do nothing to try and help other sentient human beings.  We don't all start with the same opportunities and advantages.  Things aren't equal.  Government is not a perfect mechanism, but it is far superior to what private institutions would offer.  Also worth noting that private institutions couldn't thrive and prosper without the security and societal stability that government provides.  The barbarians would be at their doors in no time.  
  
I'd argue that taxes are voluntary.  One is welcome to renounce their citizenship and try to make due in the world without the obligations required of citizens, but they must give up the protections and privileges afforded by the same.  
  
As for how to implement basic income, I think Marshall Brain offered the [best thinking](http://marshallbrain.com/robotic-freedom.htm) I've come across on the matter.  The BI is funded by things like profits from natural resources, public advertising, fines, auctions, lotteries, copyright, extreme income taxes, national mutual funds, punitive damages, sin taxes, luxury taxes, etc.  
  
I'm all for regulating healthcare price controls.  It has worked pretty well for Japan, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Germany and France.  
  
We tell people what they can and cannot trade for the greater good.  Nuclear weapons at the extreme.  Just because people want to do something doesn't really matter.  We have to share this world and that means compromise and mutually beneficial societal agreements.  If the private sector was doing an efficient job of distributing the planet's wealth in a fair and just way, then it wouldn't be necessary.  But they aren't.  Income inequality is at an obscene level.  One's right to profit is only reasonable if it is a net gain for society.  Profit is not the end goal nor the highest ideal.  A world free from suffering and injustice is the goal.  To the extent that capitalist systems work towards that goal, they are preferable.  If instead they create a world filled with greed, stagnant wages, massive swaths of poverty and suffering, starvation, violence and oppression, then their 'rights', possible only because the mob chooses not to burn it all to the ground, must be checked and altered.  
  
Lower cost goods are useless if wages do not provide enough to acquire them anyway.  There is no reason for society to tolerate the current, worsening distribution of resources.  Keeping billions in poverty so that dozens can live lives of unimaginable lavishness is immoral and disgusting.  We've done just fine with the wealthiest being taxed as much as 90%.  During the 1950s and early 1960s, the top bracket income tax rate was over 90% and the economy, middle-class, and stock market boomed.  
  
There is nothing that billionaires contribute that is of sufficient value to society to justify the current state of affairs.  I really hope we can have a *peaceful evolution* to a state where resources are more reasonably shared across humanity, but if we don't, eventually, we will undoubtedly have a *violent revolution*.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Preventing socioeconomic segregation is important for trust, social capital, public health, and stability. This is a good [TED talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/richard_wilkinson?language=en#t-197310) by social epidemiologist Richard Wilkinson on how higher national economic inequality causes a whole host of societal problems, including higher rates of mental illness, lower child welfare, lower social mobility, worse educational outcomes, higher rates of violence and incarceration, etc. Social threats increase cortisol levels over any other threat, causing chronic stress which can lead to a variety of health problems. While his argument is broader, mixed-income communities are a step to reducing economic societal segregation. The studies he references demonstrate that the positive health and societal effects in countries with lower inequality extend to not only the poorest groups but also the rich.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
We have a lot more social and crime issues than they do. It isnt that were genetically more likely to be criminals so much as we were born in a place where you have a fairly good chance of being a criminal.

Education and healthcare are also a big one. Its appalling how uneducated and mentally ill (or even just fucked up and in need of counseling) our population is. This very often goes hand in hand with crime.

We have a class system that no one acknowledges. The plebs are always going to have more motivation to steal bread than the wealthy. The US does a far shittier job of making sure its population has bread than other countries (and many would argue the US  is based on the idea that it shouldn't do anything to give people bread).

So is it black=felon? No. Its extremely poor kid with no education who feels the only path to wealth they have involves crime which ia fairly rampant where they were raised=felon. The fact that a black person is more likely to be put in that situation is a whole different set of issues regarding America and race. 

Ita not that we have black people. Its that we have black people who have nothing amd therefore little to lose, but a lot to gain. The same would be true in an alternate universe where Africans sailed to Europe for slaves and then had hundreds of years of racial disparity and mistreatment. 

Interestingly, meth has really highlight that our problems are not racial but more socioeconomic. Its started to damage predominately white  communities much in the same way predominately black communities were damaged by crack (and also opiates from.Vietnam which was disproportionately fought by black Americans).
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
For points A and B, the problem is that you're talking about totals rather than per capita.  Yes, the number of gun deaths is *usually* lower than that of car deaths.  The number of people who own guns is tiny compared to the number of people who own cars.  This is similar to saying that China is a wealthy country because it has one of the world's highest GDP's.  The fact that the number of Gun deaths is *higher* despite a much, much smaller user-base says a lot about the rate of gun deaths.

For C, I understand the frustration with failed policies.  I live in MA where some of the most facepalm-inducing gun-related legislation is on display.  But just because a lot of current gun laws are dumb doesn't mean we should give up on the idea entirely.  That is a form of [Nirvana Fallacy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nirvana_fallacy).  On a related note, gun safety is about more than just preventing accidents, it should also be about preventing criminals and the mentally ill from having them.  I agree that, assuming a reasonably intelligent person, it's difficult to accidentally kill yourself with a gun.  But people aren't complaining about the number of accidental gun deaths.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Sort of. I think the pressures of a capitalist society can trigger these illnesses in people with a biological predisposition. Other pressures and environmental factors can do it too. Lower stress environments and access to good healthcare makes it easier for a lot of people with these predispositions to stay more mentally healthy.

People in rich families have many advantages but that doesn't mean they are completely free from the kind of abuse that can trigger mental illnesses. 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
This has nothing to do with the government. He is (was?) a wealthy and successful actor. He of all people could have easy access to treatment for mental health issues. He doesn't believe he's mentally ill. It's both not up to the government to determine whether he needs treatment or the place of government to decide on these matters unless someone is at risk for harming others. And unless you count his terrible taste, there is no harm being done to others, only himself.

EDIT - [Well - perhaps there is some harm to others](http://nypost.com/2008/02/06/union-bans-fines-quaid/). But still not up to the government to intervene. He if is charged, then his mental health needs evaluation to determine criminal responsibility. But being mentally ill doesn't automatically absolve him from criminal intent.
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
Sad that people with real problems are mistreated by an uncaring word.
Even sadder, is that some people with mental illnesses become politicians or the wealthy who control them.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I'm not talking about people with real issues. That's what pisses me off actually.  All of the benefits of LE an d mental illness ADA provides go to people with the money and the time to go to the doctors and often multiple doctors to get their diagnosises. The same people who have the wealth and connections that make the stigma not a big deal.  Rich people are gaming a system meant to help people with serious physical and mental problems.  They're able to function well enough with their "ADD" and dyslexia to get into a good college.  I know people with the same problems but undiagnosed (because no money) and they can barely manage community colleges because without a diagnosis, they have to struggle through the same classes without the helps and tutoring as those without the disease.  I see the same with the tumblrinas and mental illness-- they can get the good jobs where people will give them mental health days off (especially if they're diagnosed as depressed) so they milk it.  They have the connections to get a good job after college and their ADD means they can get away with browsing reddit or tumblr instead of working and they can fall back on that.  

It's not the legitimate sick or disabled I'm mad at.  It's the upper class abusing these diagnosises to get away with not performing when they can already purchase the tutors and helps that even nondisabled poor kids have to do without.  And that's before those kids have the luxury of not needing to work to either support the family or pay for college.  I don't like the people who are gaming the system.  People with real problems don't bother me.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Ah it all makes sense; poor rural Africans don't have a bank nearby so they should get an internet connection, figure out hot and cold wallets, print QR codes, carry around smart phones with auto-focus cameras to scan QR codes, and consistently upload transactions to the block. 

What Buttcoin scammers are doing is exactly what scam companies like Herbalife are doing. They're targeting the poorest of the poor because they've run out of middle class people to rip off. The rich in first world countries already have sophisticated financial services setup, the poor don't have enough to put into some online currency; the middle class are the only real victims to go after. Once you run out of middle class people you have to go after the financially uneducated, the incredibly poor, and the vulnerable like the mentally ill. 

It shouldn't be surprising that most of these Bitcoin startups are run by shady people.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Not sure if I'm misinterpreting you, whether you're being deliberately provocative, or just naive.

Depression is an illness. Does someone 'deserve' to get cancer? In your world view is it a wealthy person 'allowed' to get the flu? Or diabetes?

Such misconceptions about mental illness are precisely the stigma the article highlights. It stops sick people seeking help and sometimes ends in tragic consequences
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
It existed indeed. In two months, a new media library will open in Paris. It used to be an hospital some decades ago but it became famous during the Terror and the XIXth century for being one of the biggest ( or the biggest maybe ) female prison in France. 

A leper-house was built in the XIIIth century at what is now 107 Faubourg-Saint-Denis Street in Paris. It was placed under the invocation of Saint-Lazarus ( Saint-Lazare in French ) which give its name to the institution, name that has survived until today. By the XVIIth century, it had become a prison for what was called *sons of good families* or simply a place where wealthy people could send for some time a troublesome member of their family. At the same time were also sent mentally ill people as well as *bad behaving priests and ... wives*. 

Some members of the opposition to the monarchy were also send there such as Sylvain Maréchal, a journalist whose anti-cleric and republican propaganda earned him three months in the prison of Saint-Lazare. If the prison had a bad reputation ( mostly because of alienated people interned there ) the Revolution and the Terror that followed would seal the reputation of Saint-Lazare. 


The National Convention disbanded the religious orders ( including the *Lazaristes* who were in charge of Saint-Lazare prison ) and officially made Saint-Lazare a jail for political prisoners where man and women alike were sent. Famous people were incarcerated there such as the Marquis de Sade, who survived the Ancien Regime prison system ( the Bastille for example ) but due to his disagreements with de Robespierre was jailed again including at Saint-Lazare. Sade was not beheaded only because of the fall of de Robespierre and administration confusions. Was also jailed there Marie-Louise de Laval-Montmorency, a religious and aristocrat who was imprisoned then executed for plotting against the Revolution. During this period, there was no distinction between male and female prisoners at Saint-Lazare ( I can't speak for other similar prisons though ). The reputation of the prison grew sinister when 165 prisoners were executed in the year III of the Terror as part of the *plan to physically execute prisoners* ( very bad translation sorry, this was a consequence of the *Prison Conspiracy* ). See the 1892 painting called [Appeal of the last victims of the Terror in the prison of Saint-Lazare](http://www.culture.gouv.fr/Wave/image/joconde/0638/m507704_72ee838_p.jpg) .

At the beginning of the XIXth Century ( which is where you are interested, sorry for the long intro ) Saint-Lazare became as well as a prison a center for *insoumises* ( insubordinate women ) who were prostitutes refusing the now mandatory medical visits and who were caught by the vice brigade. These women were sent to Saint-Lazare since 1811 which became a *prison-hospital*. Ten years later, Saint-Lazare Church and the old building were destroyed and rebuilt with an infirmary, walls and walkways. By 1837 11,603 women and young women had been imprisoned at Saint-Lazare. Most of them were prostitutes with a three months sentence *if* they accepted the official medical visit afterwards. However the guards were all male members of the National Police until 1838.

At this date, several judicial reforms were made by the July Monarchy including in the jail system. Women were more and more guarded by women, religious mostly. Around 1849, the Police Prefect of Paris, the Baron Gabriel Delessert who was a politician close to King Louis-Philippe I, invited the young order of Sisters of Marie-Joseph ( nicknamed the *Prison Sisters* ) to assure the guard of Saint-Lazare. The Sisters were starting to work with destitute women in several French prisons ( and they still do ). In the mid-XIXth century, the Saint-Lazare *prison-hospital* was divided in three sections/parts. One was for criminal women sentenced to X-time or to death. Murderers or thieves were put there. Famous example are Irish thief Chicago May ( born May Duignan ) or Marie Bourette who poisoned by mistake the Belgian singer Jules Godart ( the poison was intended for someone else ). In 1917, Mata Hari was jailed and tortured at Saint-Lazare. The other sections of the prisons were dedicated to punish and treat prostitutes and to place under-age destitute girls. The last section was used for social studies on the girls who were first placed in such prisons *to escape* their previous lives ( girls coming from families unable to sustain them, violent parents,...Etc ). Generally, they were sentenced to a 45 days long stay before being released, sent to an orphanage or a convent. 

The prison closed in 1927 and was turned into a women hospital in 1930. The crypts failed to be categorized as a historical monument and a parking lot was built on it after the hospital itself was closed. Here are some pictures of the [front entrance](http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/btv1b69180330/) and here is a part of the [walkway](http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/btv1b69272505/). 

Saint-Lazare is the most famous example I can think of in France ( and that I have things to write on ) however it was not the only female prison in the XIXth century. The city near where I live used to be a female only detention center in the late XIXth century before becoming a low-security center for male prisoners near WW2.

Sources : 
Article in the magazine *L'Histoire*

[website of the Sisters of Marie-Joseph](http://soeursmariejosephetmisericorde.org/-Les-soeurs-de-Marie-Joseph-)

[History of Saint-Lazare by Eugène Pottet, 1912](http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k2029704/f30.image)
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
My source is your comment. You are saying that Sanders is calling them mentally ill instead of calling them corrupt greedy assholes. They're both. They are sociopaths who's sole purpose is to collect as much money as they can before they die. 

Would you be okay with having a president that was mentally ill, or just one that was a greedy corrupt asshole? Tea party/GOP loves that kind of candidate. The kind of candidate that will focus on themselves and the wealthy only.

Sanders isn't saying "these people are mentally ill and should be put down", he's saying "these people are unfit to be candidates, they're mentally ill, and we need to look at why they want to be president. Who are they going to serve, and why? What drives them?" 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
My upper class family won't help me with my mental illness and inability to work because I need to just try harder. I'm living with my only friend or else I would probably be on the streets. FML
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
Long post coming in but it will feel good to write this out. 

At the beginning, he was so charming. We had the same interests, he came from a wealthy family, he was well respected in a prestigious community, had connections with other pro athletes, he was encouraging and bought me flowers and made me a laugh. But looking back, so many freaking red flags that started to pop up quickly which I just told myself I needed to be understanding and give him grace and compromise. 

He started not wanting me to talk to certain people at work if he wasn't there, then he didn't want me talking to them at all. Then he deleted contacts out of my phone and didn't like me  talking to my best friend. Then if I was hanging out with family and he wasn't there he wanted pictures because he didn't believe I was actually with my family (never gave him a reason to think that though). If I wore something he didn't like, he wouldn't take me out. Constantly told me he would not propose until I had changed for him to prove that I loved him.

He told me I was fat and stupid and a bitch when he was mad, towards the end this happened everyday and then would apologize and blame it on him being bipolar. I was 102 lbs at the time (I'm 108 now and still feel insecure). He would constantly tell me I need to fix my makeup or that I have pitbull eyes. (Wtf? I have pictures of me on my account here, you can look and see that this is not the case). I have 32-DDD's and he would tell me not to worry (I wasn't) about them because he will just pay for plastic surgery after we're married for a few years so that I can still look good. Also, if we went out and I got stared at/hit on, somehow I would get in trouble in the car/when we got home. There were so many secrets he wanted me to keep, wouldn't be my friend on Facebook and told me that he just liked "privacy", after doing a background check later on, I put the pieces of the puzzle together. He had a lot to hide which at the time made me feel bad because I was an open book and felt that I wasn't doing a good enough job of being supportive for him to be able to trust me with the things he had hinted at.

I was always expected to have sex whenever he wanted even if I didn't feel like it or I was told that I was a shitty girlfriend and not meeting his needs. Even though it was at least 8-10 times a week. Sometimes more.

Then one night when he was really drunk and I found out he was doing coke. I was tired and wanted to go home which really pissed him off so he slapped me and tried to keep me in a room. That was the first time and the last time. I have a **no tolerance** policy when it comes to things like that. At this point, I didn't have any good friends left since I ignored them and put him on a pedestal *which was exactly what he wanted* so I tried calling my parents to come pick me up but they weren't answering so he drove me home piss drunk. Poor choice on my part, I know.

That was the night I broke up with him and he told me that he knew what was best for me and that I needed to be with him and no one else would ever be able to love me and he would change. He would constantly drive past my house and if he couldn't see my car he would leave me voicemails saying that I must be out sleeping around and cheating on him and what a slut I was. ^We ^weren't ^even ^together ^anymore.  He would also say shit like "If we aren't going to be a couple on Earth, we will be in Heaven" and that he was going to find me. He inherited a large sum of money (he will never have to work again) and told me I should get back together with him and be his trophy wife. **He honestly meant it as a compliment. Wtf.** He harassed my family members for almost a year after I left him trying to get back on their good side to get back with me but then sent naughty pictures of me to my mom (*not sure if that was due to his mental illness*).

I ended up moving out of state and off the radar for a little over a year. I looked him up on state records and found out he has a history of disorderly conducts and stalking. So glad I'm out of that relationship but I am still terrified of him today.
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
No. Wealth and status has nothing to do with it. Lots of wealthy people are crazy. Look at Richard Durst. Wealthy. Prominent.... and Crazy. But we are now learning that he had mental issues all along. That he was delusional, that he had cut up animals in his past, that he did crazy things like leave a dead cat in front of a judges house, that he was abusive to his wife, that he is a suspect in many other murders, etc.  
Andrea Yates killed her children. She was advised not to have any more children and her husband refused to listen. I think birth control was against their religion. In any case we learned that she had mental issues and had been seeing a counselor for her problems. Her husband admitted later that he shouldn't have left her alone with the children if I recall correctly. There were signs from these types of people. 
There were no signs before OR after the murder any of the Ramseys having any mental illness or extreme anger issues. 
Surely they would have been prescribed anti depressant medicine after the murder and that would be common practice for anyone who has had to endure such trauma. And surely they would have sought therapy afterward. That's not evidence of a psycho manic killer with bondage obsession and fanatical writing that looked like it came from a 007 novel or the unabomber. It's common practice to need therapy and anti depressant drugs when you endure such pain. Any medical doctor would tell you that. The pain of losing a child is the most pain any person can go through. Losing Beth to the car accident was bad enough, but to lose your child to murder in your home as you sleep, find the body yourself and see that she was brutally tortured? That's got to be an unbearable pain like no other. 
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
So... you don't think that any state support should be given to say the elderly? Or the mentally ill? How about those who just happened to be injured? How about new mothers? You can be against whatever extreme socialism you're imagining but it's hard to find many well-off nations in the world that don't have some socialist programs.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
This should not be downvoted like it is. 

Poverty exacerbates mental health issues to an almost unimaginable degree. Yes, your brain can be fucked up to the point of absolute failure, but if you live hand-to-mouth or barely scratch together any money at all and have lost housing because you lack the resources to even get to appointments and hearings and all of the other things you need to do to get on public assistance-- The system that is supposed to catch you as your last resort-- then things get very bad very quickly for the mentally ill.

Yes, you can be well-off and mentally ill.

No, you do not have it just as bad as someone with the same degree of mental illness who is also in jeopardy of losing or have already lost housing and face food insecurity.
<TRUE,TRUE>
------
One problem is that mostly wealthy people could afford this sort of thing. So we would end up with a two tiered society in which the wealthy have no worries about mental illness and the poor are still having these children because they probably couldn't afford the test in the first place. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Calling DSPS a disorder is pseudoscience.  I've read the medical texts on what DSPS is and how it manifests; do the words, "The causes of DSPD are not well understood" and "it is not known what causes DSPS" mean anything to you?  How about the fact that it appears to be inherited genetically?

It is a scientific observation of empirical evidence that forcing people off their genetic, physiological, chronotypical sleep cycle has continuing negative health effects--one that is published in many papers.  That's hard science, not pseudoscience.

Let me repeat that:  What is studied scientifically from observation and experimentation is hard science.  What is published in scientific journals, written with good data, and prepared with proper methodology is hard science.  None of these things are pseudoscience.

It is also a scientific observation of empirical evidence that people with DSPD readily return to their natural, healthy circadian rhythm.  This is the definition of DSPD:  it is not DSPD unless the person exhibits intractable difficulty maintaining an early sleep schedule, such that deviating from an enforced early sleep schedule immediately resets his circadian rhythm to that of a late chronotype--the chronotype of 80% of the population, as determined by several scientific papers published in the last decade using good, accepted methodology for both statistics and sleep studies.

The definition of DSPD takes a set of natural, advantageous adaptations in which the body recovers its circadian rhythm and maintains improved health and sleep patterns and labels them as a disease because it conflicts with social norms which continuously inflict physical and mental illness upon 80% of the population.  Such a conclusion can only be reached by assuming that the well-known, common-sense idiom, "Early to bed and early to rise make a man healthy and wealthy and wise," is a law of scientific fact when, in truth, it was coined by a ridiculous idiot who knew nothing about human sleep biology.
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
Not being wealthy indicates low intelligence and mental illness? That's pure ignorance right there. 
<TRUE,FALSE>
------
I guess I feel I ought to argue that mental illness doesn't really operate on that kind of scale, there's lots of things to take into account like the nature of the individual illness and so on...

Anyway. That isn't the question you asked.

Anna Kavan is an interesting one. She was a British novelist who died in the 1960s. 

'Anna Kavan' is the name of the protagonist from two of her earlier novels, when she was still writing under her birth name, Helen Woods. She was fiercely intellectual but her mother prevented her from going to university and married her off to her own ex-boyfriend, a wealthy industrialist. Woods had a very unhappy early life getting dragged around the world by a much older husband she barely knew. She developed an addiction to heroin.

She ended up being institutionalised several times throughout her life for depression and addiction - and sometime shortly before 1940, she emerged from one of these institutions as *an entirely different person*. She changed her name to that of her own fictional character, got rid of any evidence of her old identity, severed all ties with her family, and *became* Anna Kavan. Her writing style completely changed into something quite bizarre, introspective and surrealist, concerned almost entirely with her experience of hospitals, drugs and madness. 

That later writing is hugely imaginative and pretty much unique in style, really exciting to read - but the story underpinning her change in writing style is baffling.
<TRUE,TRUE>
