Yes, exactly. We've developed as a city, and that area is a blight. I've brought a number of people to concerts at Roseland from out of town and it's almost always a wtf is going on moment. I've seen crazy bum fights, aggressive behavior towards women, and all together disgusting behavior for a major artery of the city that allows the entire population seamless access to the entire city. 

I'm a firm believer that the services offered should be forced to relocate to more industrial areas of the city, and that keeping a majority of the shelters in one area is a huge problem. Homeless should not be able to sleep anywhere on the street. Police need to be much more aggressive with the violent and often criminal street kids, as bike and car theft are seeing huge increases. I also feel like the services offered in the city should require some degree of community service in exchange for food and shelter. 

Listen, I understand these are fluffy, happy ideas, but the issue is getting out of control and is going to continue to be a huge blight on the city. I also fully recognize that many of my ideas haven't worked in the past and are difficult, but something, anything, needs to be done. I'm tired of being threatened by a 19 year old with a nicer laptop than I own because I wont give him a dollar for heroin. I'm tired of constantly worrying about my car being broken into, and seeing my friend's bikes stolen. 
------
I'm going to focus on your alcoholic example to start because I have the best personal anecdotes.

First of all, while they aren't thought about by a lot of people, you have the functional alcoholics. These people generally, in my experience, work in a lot of traditional blue collar jobs and drink a lot of beer. They are drinking a lot, but they are also still useful to society.

Second, we have to consider the rate of alcoholism and drug abuse which is really about the same across all socioeconomic classes in the US. People usually become addicts because they are trying to solve a problem in their life with drugs. Everyone has problems, even the richest among us. So given this information, it is reasonable to surmise that for those people, nothing would change regardless of income. But often, we are paying them welfare, social security, and sending other forms of government compensation, so is this really any different?

Finally, it's important to consider the impact that it would have on non-alcoholic poor people. For every alcoholic there are scores of people who have no drug dependency issues. I know plenty of people who have done cocaine or even heroin more than once and never developed an addiction because they were using to have fun, not to avoid or solve a problem. For these people with no issues, a basic income would allow them to live normal lives without the stress of worrying about money or where their next meal will come from.

Now, some other things to think about.

The minimum wage is too low to raise a family of 4(two parents, two children) with a full time, 40 hour a week job. If we can bolster the minimum wage with a basic income, it would be possible for these families to live and work without increasing the minimum wage and therefore the burden on employers, especially small employers.

In the same line of thinking, a person can, at this moment, make more money on food stamps and welfare than they can with a minimum wage job. The moment that job is taken, they generally lose that assistance. I know quite a few people who refused to work because they made MORE on welfare than by working. What this says to me is that the system is rewarding people for doing nothing. Actually rewarding them.

A basic income, on the other hand, would not be rewarding you for not working in the same way. While it would be giving money for nothing, it isn't something that is restricted by someone having a job that pays too much. It is just a way to bolster personal income, even if you have a job, so people who do not make enough will not be discouraged from finding a job as they are under the current system in the US.

Finally, the all important question: how do we pay for it? Now, when you say raising taxes on the rich, you make it sound like we want to raise their rates. This is not strictly true. Rather, we could pay for this by insisting that they pay the taxes they owe.

American companies have offshore bank accounts with billions or perhaps even over a trillion untaxed dollars from overseas business dealings. What most people that I have spoken with propose is not that we raise the rates on the current income, but rather require that the money in those accounts be taxed as well. They also propose closing tax loopholes that allow companies to do things like that, or otherwise avoid paying taxes. Many companies received tax refunds while hiding billions of dollars in offshore accounts, and this is where that money can and should come from, along with the removal of social services such as social security, welfare, food stamps, etc.

I personally don't endorse anything around Medicare except that we should have a system whereby individuals are not held directly responsible for thousands of dollars of medical bills caused by an unforeseeable accidental and the removal of insurance companies from the process of treating patients.
------
I think Objectivisim is a fine way to live your life, but you have to think like Ayn does. Basically she's saying that you should "earn your share" while also "paying for consequences" for misdeeds or mistakes. I think that 99% of what's wrong with society today is that individuals truly believe that they have the right to social services, but shouldn't have be held responsible for literally anything. For example, one of the MANY people working "under the table" and not paying taxes, then subsequently use their "poverty" status to get free services from the government which they shouldn't be getting. For example, a homeless person has a $60 a day heroin habit (VERY COMMON). He begs for the money, which is a gift and therefore is making $30,000+ a year untaxed but spends all that money on drugs. He then gets various government services as, on paper, he's someone "living in poverty". One might say that drug addiction is a mental health disorder, but really, you KNOW that you aren't supposed to be using drugs. Others shouldn't be held accountable for your bad choices.
------
Wow, so this ended up being quite long. I don't have much hope that you'll actually read through it, but maybe someone will.

&gt; First, physical attraction is not something you can make mandatory. I'm sorry but peoples who have anorexia are not attractive. Peoples who smoke are not attractive. Peoples who use meth, heroine, crack,... are not attractive. Peoples who are morbidly obese are not attractive.

So, there are several things going on here. You say that "attraction is not something you can make mandatory," and there is a sense in which this true and a sense in which it is false. It is true in the trivial sense that I can't wave a magic wand to make you attracted to someone that you ordinarily wouldn't be attracted to. It's false in the much more meaningful sense (particularly for this argument) that the ways in which we see people portrayed in society have no effect on who we find attractive. It should be obvious that if you live your whole life being continually told and shown that a certain type of person is desirable and attractive, you will be more inclined to find that type of person attractive. Even if you don't find this obvious, there is an *abundance* of ethnographic data indicating that the kinds of bodies that people are attracted to vary widely with culture (including many cultures that in my opinion have far less pathological ideas about sex). So your claim is just empirically false. I can't imagine that you really believe that skinny blonde large-breasted women are really the platonic form of health or something like this because they are considered attractive in western society. Indeed, I thought that your whole concern with overweight models was that they would encourage us to find the obese more attractive, and this would encourage people to be more obese which would cause health problems. If we can't make attraction "mandatory" then why should you care what kinds of models we have?

As to what you say about drugs, it's just trivially false that we tend to find drug users unattractive. For example, white college students and Hollywood movie stars are much more likely to use dangerous drugs than other demographics, but are more likely to be considered desirable and attractive. Are you really claiming to me that you in particular and western society in general find people like [Elisa Bridges](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elisa_Bridges) unattractive because they use dangerous drugs? Interestingly, you list heroin, meth, and crack (which tend to be associated with the poor and people of color) as making a person unattractive, but not equally dangerous drugs like cocaine and prescription pills that tend to be associated with the rich and white people. Do you really not see how your societal conditions have influenced you to find certain people attractive and others unattractive??? And again, what is the relevance of this to your claim that we shouldn't have overweight models?

&gt;Second and far more important. Obesity is becoming an epidemic in the western world. Obesity is responsible for 20% of the all deaths in the US.

&gt;http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/809516

&gt;It's an epidemic that should be recognized as one of the biggest dangerous to public health. Fighting this disease should be the priority of the government.

So, first of all, you say that obesity is "responsible" for those deaths, whereas the linked article says that obesity is "associated" with them, which is a pretty big difference. But regardless, you seem to have ignored the very first paragraph of my reply, in which I agree with you that obesity is not healthy. I'm perfectly happy to agree that it is a significant health problem in the United States. The questions at hand are (1) to what extend to positive portrayals of the overweight and obese make people more likely to be overweight, and (2) is this risk sufficiently small that it would be worth helping people to live much more worthwhile lives, free of shame, at its expense. You don't seem to have said anything to address these points, just that obesity is bad for you, which we all agree with.

If you're interested in big public health issues, the number one cause of death in the United States is heart disease. It would seem that if your view is to be consistent, we should shame people who engage in behaviors that put them at risk of heart disease (eating foods that are bad for the heart, not getting enough cardio exercise, doing cardiotoxic drugs like cocaine, some antidepressants, etc.). But I presume you agree that this would be absurd, and would not do much to alleviate the heart disease epidemic in America.

&gt;A 300 pound + model is not a right step in the right direction. Just as 60 pound anorexia model would be an outrage.

You act as though these cases are symmetrical, when of course they aren't. Why are people so outraged over anorexic models? Because our society already encourages people, particularly women, to be unhealthily thin, and portraying anorexic models as desirable is therefore likely to encourage people, particularly young girls, to become anorexic or unhealthily thin. By contrast, our society shames the overweight, particularly women, so portraying overweight women as desirable doesn't have the same potential to cause women to be unhealthily overweight. This is where your analogy fails in my opinion.

It doesn't really seem like you are a person who is capable of charitably interpreting the arguments made by another person, or who is interested in understanding what your interlocutor is saying. That's fine, all of us including me are like that at some point in our lives, we have to learn to think critically and charitably. But if you want generally to know the truth about things (not just this), I would encourage you to make a much greater effort to understand your opponent's position and interpret it charitably, and to be humble when it comes to your own viewpoint. Until then it's really a waste of time for other people to engage you in this sort of discussion, because you don't listen to or address what they are saying. This is really not meant as an insult, but as earnest advice from someone who was once in the same place.
------
Yeah, sorry, quite the buzz kill on that one. I'm not sure why I sent that, I was just going to write it out and then delete it. Sorry for ruining the thread, shouldn't have done that. Yeah I did. My teenage years were very, hmm, lonely with plenty of friends, intelligent with lots of stupidity, and just a ton of self loathing and doubt for many reasons, most of which can be summed up by saying kids are cruel. She was incredibly attractive to me, like literally thought she was in slow motion first time I saw her. I worked harder than I ever had at anything trying to get her to like me enough to date me. Eventually I wore her down enough and she finally agreed. I already had the self esteem of 4th string freshman team water boy but this amazingly gorgeous girl picked me, she said yes! I won! Take that inner voice that keeps ruining all my inner happiness with your negativity. She agreed to date me! Basically I put her on a pedestal from second 1 and I was really hard and mean to myself then but I felt as long as we were together and I could call this goddess mine in front of others, at least I had the hot girl. Imagine the awkward but friendly kid in class that grew way faster than everyone so he's extra awkward actually got the hottest girl in your class to date him. Then sex happened and the claws were surgically implanted. Over 8 years, she fucked damn near every friend I had, convincing me somehow that my friends were the only guilty party, even going as far as accusing date rape on one of them. So now it's me and her and all my friends have been kicked out of my life when she should have been leading that trail of years. So year 2 started (yes I'm serious)... I'll keep going if you're still into the story otherwise to do it quickly, eventually in year 5 we decided to move to Phoenix from outside Detroit, things actually were OK. Second year in Phoenix we rented a house, got the dog she'd always wanted but was the worst fit ever for our personalities (Siberian husky, love him like my own son), she ignored the dog for the first year, probably because she decided to start using opiate pain pills out of boredom and as I was incredibly worried about her hurting herself I said I'd split that first pill with her under the idea that if I do half, that's 50 percent she can't do. So things spiral of course and eventually my best friend of 20 years(who I found out 2 weeks ago actually did fuck her and then lied to my face for the next 6 years about it, even when I asked him specifically about it face to face.)went into the Misti, knowing what was about to happen. She kept yelling and screaming at me to find heroin, she wanted to try it the pills are boring (60dollars a day boring),but since for all the time before the pills we averaged having sex about 2 or 3 times a year during the worst of it, maybe 6 or 7 during the best and since the pills it was about 2 or 3 a day, I said OK but were only smoking it. 4 months later and our new drug friend roommates and us are all addicted to either heroin or Meth or both, as was the case with her and I, and everything just breaks. Jan 3 she quits her job one morning on a whim, never looked for another job and still expected my hotel front desk job to pay for all of our now close to 100 dollar a day each habits. By now I see the end coming. The had been a lot more cheating and manipulating over this period that would take way too long to tell at 530am but trust me it happened. This complete skeeze ball guy that was introduced to us by a coworker/meth hookup starts hanging with said coworker and us at our place which had now turned into a straight trap house since I had to sell h and crystal to keep our habits and fend off dope sickness. Immediately I knew she was about to cheat on me with him, probably before she knew. I just knew the pattern. My coworker that introduced him to us starts keeping her away from me and they are trying to tell me I'm getting weird and shit even though no one else but them even noticed anything and they start staying at the coworkers house more and more. I catch her one morning around 6am in his bed trying to say she was just tired even though there were several open beds. that night she moved out with the coworker and this guy with no warning and took every one of my "friends"with her to the new place, leaving me completely alone except for that dog on a house with no electricity, no gas, and rent was 3 months late because she would abuse me mentally or physically until I used the rent money from our junky roommates for more dope like she demanded. That dog never left my side. I'd nod out on dope as he'd lay his head on my lap and he would still be there looking worriedly at me in the same spot until I came to. Every time. Here's us during this exact time http://imgur.com/Ik1I7sc . This bitch showed up at 6am unannounced a week or two after she moved out throwing shit at me, breaking anything that isn't nailed down, screaming about I need to give her dope for free and then after I give her some she grabs the dog and as I try to stop her she starts to throw my TV, the only thing on the house with more than 2 dollars at this point, and I tell her with tears in my eyes over my dog being taken from me "just go, you've destroyed everything else I had on this earth. Just take moskau (puppy) and don't hurt him and don't break anything else, screamed just go. She walked out the door with the dog trying not to go with her and her other lapdog(new bf) at her heels, while I walked into the laundry room on the back patio and just cried as hard as I've ever cried as an adult. I had watched every friend I had leave me to hang out with the hot chick, lost my job from the heroin and meth addictions but, without that ultimate escape from this reality I would have killed myself that morning if not earlier. I saw my life as an abject failure and it wasn't that i couldn't rebuild, I didn't even want to start over. I was completely broken and emotionally beyond saving. Most people that saw me then knew I was on a death march and it was simply a matter of when not if I was going to die either from the heroin, exhaustion from staying up literal weeks at a time on Meth (longest stretch with no sleep was around 25 days or so. Could have been much longer since time holds no meaning when every second just runs into the next.) or simply by suicide. I had no desire to continue waking up morning after morning feeling this complete lack of humanity, selfworth, despair, love, empathy or even compassion. It was worse than death. Eventually,she forces her way back in the house by saying she's still on the lease. She showed me her track marks, confirming my suspicion, causing me to lose my last bit of hope that something will change and things would turn around and honestly my desire to even remain alive since staring over at this point would basically be starting from absolute nothing anyway. She ended up returning the dog at least about 40 minutes after she left with him after my one roommate and this other random called her screaming at her telling her she's a psycho. Eventually I drive the reposessed car to my parents in Ohio since they bought it so I wouldn't be stuck paying the extras every morning and took one look at me and said you're not going back to Phoenix and they ripped up my plane ticket back to Phoenix.  Oh did I mention that they forced their way to Ohio with me since her family is there. After about a month those two left without saying anything to me, taking my dog with her denying me a chance to say goodbye to 8 years and the only thing that showed me love during the lowest point of my life. I got off heroin September 14 this past year,  '14 and I've slowly gotten my life and desire to keep going back and have shown that I won't relapse. She is now homeless since neither of them have gotten a job in a year of being back in Phoenix and they fucked over every friend they had and now no one will even give them the crust off their sandwich let alone a roof over their heads. The dog is with a "friend"of hers in Phoenix that I don't know or trust since she's willing to be friends with her, she's treating new guy like she treated me, starting the cycle a new, and like I mentioned, apparently robbing homeless people now. That's why, at this moment, sex to me is almost purely physical and I have very little emotional attachment to sex at the moment. It's all coming back very slowly but surely and she refuses to accept blame or even notice that her life is destroyed as her Bf continues getting arrested every other week for shoplifting and get life couldn't be worse and it couldn't have happened to a more fitting person. She still tries to guilt me to this day to do her shit for her. Fucking little fucker deserves every bit of it. I cut out a lot of stuff mind you so this is the major highlights. Again sorry for stealing the thread, my fault, I'll try not to next time  
------
you gotta stop thinking in terms of what would happen if we suddenly removed [government component]. the world doesn't work like that. there isn't one day where the government suddenly goes small. it's not a productive thought experiment to even waste your time thinking like that. shutting off the welfare faucet will cause problems for some people, and then those people will be a lot better off.

you know how i know that? i spent a year homeless and 3 years on major welfare. i was a heroin addict for almost half my life. welfare helped me stay on welfare, and that's it. the only thing that kept me in poverty and on welfare was welfare itself... and same goes for everybody i lived and associated with. all of us knew it, too. it's funny to see middle-class people advocating for welfare, saying it's a terrible thing to have negative thoughts about welfare or people on welfare. they're so ignorant of what welfare actually is, and how people on welfare actually use it. it's like liberal white people speaking for black people... you have no idea what they actually think. i always found it funny to see wealthy or middle-class people defending people like us, we would laugh when we'd hear or see material like that. they just had no idea. they fetishized us, almost, to show how they care about poor people. but all of us knew we were defrauding the taxpayers! literally ALL of us, and that includes people of almost every race except maybe asian. a bunch of heroin junkies laughing about the checks we get in the mail... and then seeing liberal contributors who make probably $200k a year jump on CNN to say that we're a noble people, who just can't lift ourselves from our bootstraps.

brotha. we didn't *want* to lift ourselves from our bootstraps. if we got a job, our finances would be visible to the IRS. we would have to give up all of our welfare. we couldn't afford to give up our welfare, even if we got a $15/hr job. when you're on welfare you can make a ton of money. selling nearly any drug on the street plus welfare is big money. it's a lot less work than a 9-5 job, and probably 2 or 3 times as much money. you gotta pay for everything in cash, but it's worth it. we felt guilty, some of us more than others, but people don't really care when they're stealing from the entire tax revenue pool. you get this idea that if you weren't getting welfare, someone else would be getting the dollars that you aren't taking. the fewer people are on welfare, the more money goes to those who are on welfare. so if we stopped, they wouldn't give our money back to the taxpayers, they would just give it to the other welfare recipients. it's the same justification for selling hard drugs.. if we weren't doing it, someone else would be. there are just so many people on welfare that nothing can stop it. creating jobs can't stop it. the majority of people on food stamps don't even WANT a job.

they could solve this problem two ways. 1) eliminate welfare programs, 2) legalize all drugs and let corporations mass produce them.

that's basically it. heed my words... you won't see this problem end until one of those two things happens. copy and paste this, print it, and tape it to your wall. wait 20, 30, 40, 50 years. this problem will not even end by the time you die, unless one of those two things happens. and if you want to verify whether the problem is still going on, just dress in some cheap clothes, leave all your nice shit at home, your phone and all that crap, and go to the ghetto. bring a pack of cigarettes and when you see a bum who looks young-ish, give him a cigarette and ask him about his welfare status and opinion of welfare.

you'll hear everything i told you, plus maybe some sleep deprivation rambling.
------
The last 2 years of my life have been spent hating myself for heroin addiction, homeless, stealing, in jail, and in rehab. I'm free as of last week, but I still hate myself. 

I hate that I lost her, because I know it's truly for the better and I'll never live up to what she deserves. I hate that I hurt everyone that ever truly loved me. I hate what I let myself get away with and what I rationalized as "normal" and everything I've said or thought for the last 2 years. I hate how I could just give up everything, all the money I lost, and gifts I sold, and health I didn't care about. I hate that every time she cried and begged me to stop I always thought in the back of my head how I would be getting high to forgive myself for hurting her later. I hate every time I let her hand me money or stole from her or let her bathe me and tuck me in when I was withdrawing. I hate every time my mom tried to help me through it with money and support and I just threw it in her face. I hate who I let myself become. I hated being a monster. I hate that I wasn't even strong enough to kill myself and spare everyone the heartache.

 How did you ever get through it? How do you stop hating yourself if you know deep down in your heart that you ruined everything good you've ever had without a care in the world for all the good in your life and you'll never be able to take it back? 
------
&gt;Wrong. 90% of heroin &amp; prescription pill abusers are suburban whites.

So you point out one microcosm of all crime, and that's what you want to run with?  Well done.   

&gt;I've personally witnessed a white kid last week at Mardi Gras have an 8-ball of cocaine confiscated, and the cop just smashed it in the street and poured his coffee on it.

You personally witnessing one incident means this happens everywhere and with frequency?  The St. Louis Mardi Gras had roughly 50 MIPs, 6 DUI's, 2 assaults, 1 trespassing and 1 selling to a minor citation, and while I don't know the racial diversification of the group, it's not like they were just making minors pour their beer out.  Also, an 8-ball is just a measurement, it's not a thing that can get smashed.  I have friends who are cops in some pretty awful areas (areas surrounding Ferguson) and if they don't think you're selling, they'll just confiscate weed and pills from you.  Anything else and you're probably getting arrested. 

&gt;cops also don't live where they patrol in regards to patrolling blacks.

If we only allowed cops to work where they live, there would be numerous cities that have zero cops working there; so is that your answer?  Cops also don't live where they patrol in regards to affluent areas either (most cops can't afford it on their salaries unless they married into money).  

While you want to focus on opiate abuse, there's a lot more crime out there than just that, and it gets a lot more dangerous/violent than Suburbanites abusing prescriptions.  I'd rather have cops focus on the violent crime than the drug abuse (hell, let them abuse drugs, just police the distributors).  I'm not saying white neighborhoods don't have violent crime, but, at least where I live, the neighborhoods that have the highest rates of crime (violent crime) tend to be the poorer communities, which also tend to be made up of 90% minorities.  I'm not saying it's due to race that there's more crime in those communities, it probably has more to do with poverty than "look at all the crime where those minorities live".
------
I'd like you all to say hi to Skye. He likes to pretend like he's in the military (see below for his past claims on alternate accounts) and he usually claims to be Navy SEAL/Sniper or a Marine Corps Sniper. He uses his lies to try and con hardworking people into giving him money or gear on /r/assistance by telling people he's had stuff stolen or lost. 

So far, I'm tracking 19 different users names (most of which he has deleted once he realizes that he's been discover): Skye2880, NAVSPECWARGRUONE, CodyPavilionis, TheDoctor04, OfficialLAPD, Throwaway14885, NSWThrowaway4, 3042001, Corpsman06, BUDS239, TheEcoTerroristInMe, USMC1048, USN233, 19andLGBT, 19andGay, prayeroftherefugee10, /u/throwaway147003, /u/mattcommando, USAF10-04, and /u/DNMAltAccount

•[Navy SEAL of SEAL Team 3, who had all of his uniforms and medals stolen (that's what all robbers go for in a house. Worthless uniforms) and wants $600 to replace everything](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/2rcadz/my_medals_and_uniform_were_stolen_i_need_at_least/)

•[Requesting assistance, even though he's supposedly a Marine](http://www.reddit.com/r/MMFB/comments/2h8uhq/im_at_the_end_of_my_motherfucking_rope_the_only/)

•[Homeless Marine at the age of 18? How?!](http://www.reddit.com/r/FoodPantry/comments/2huocd/request_xpost_from_rassistance_18year_old_marine/)

•[Addicted to Cocaine](http://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2i5ltd/addicted_to_coke_havent_had_any_in_at_least_a/)

•[Claiming service at Abu Ghraib and seeing atrocities that didn't happen](http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2krm9d/youre_blaming_me_because_of_the_unit_i_was_in/)

•[Nazi Marine with a job lined up at NCIS](http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2p50y2/why_do_you_give_a_fuck/)

•[He was a prisoner of ISIS, too, even though the group wasn't called that until very recently.](http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2hv0vy/im_fucking_done_with_this_shit/)

•[Navy SEAL and heroin addict? That happen](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/2mz608/im_completely_broken/)

•[And he's now a Major at the Pentagon, AND A NUKE IS MISSING!](http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2o0sd3/weve_been_cleared_for_empty_quiver_the_entire/)

•[Now you're a WW2 Frogman who is somehow very familiar with Reddit and conducting AMA's. When asked real questions or for proof, suddenly you go quiet](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qta33/i_am_one_of_the_last_remaining_members_of_the/)

•[A Corpsman who borrow Navy boats to go joyriding Legit!](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2qp52z/tifu_by_keeping_the_radio_off/)

•[Couple days later, you're a Corpsman/crew member on a Navy jet getting high on heroin while flying](http://www.reddit.com/r/TripSit/comments/2qp6to/im_alone_on_a_navy_g6_35000_feet_in_the_air_and/)

•[LAPD Officer who killed an unarmed man and got fired via snail mail](http://www.reddit.com/r/angry/comments/2puxrz/you_fucking_fired_me_then_had_the_audacity_to/)

•[Doctor and a Navy Seal](http://imgur.com/a/T8lwb)

•[Marine who took 9 years to hit Corporal after going to "Basic Training." He also got medevaced for spraining his foot.](http://imgur.com/a/c2F9l)

•[From /u/prayeroftherefugee10](http://i.imgur.com/jZftKCj.jpg) He's now a Marine Corps Sniper who is too busy to ask why he only uses the M40. A [weapons](http://i.imgur.com/GofT8Zx.jpg) [platform](http://i.imgur.com/bmjnRRc.jpg) he was unaware of until 2 days ago and is now completely obsessed with...

•[From /u/19andgay](http://imgur.com/a/7YKV0) Now he's in Navy DEP and he can't make it in BUD/S but he can make it in SWCC. 

•[From overweight Pararescue](http://imgur.com/a/IxkNT)


Finally, Let's not forget the subreddit he created with alternate accounts and had those alt account try and vouch for you for being a Navy SEAL: http://www.reddit.com/r/NAVSPECWAR

------
First let me say I have not read any comments below, so I might be repeating some things.  

Telling your new neuro about getting meds from another doc can be dangerous.  I find that total honesty with doctors has only hindered the help they can provide and has yet to actually help.  That being said, most states us a pharmacy database that any doc can look up and see every med you've been prescribed going back a long time (I've seen the printout of mine from a psychiatrist I was seeing to help with addiction to opioids) and it freaked me out a bit.  There are still pharmacy that don't participate, but my point is there are risks here:  1. Telling your neuro the truth could end up getting you booted  2.  Lying to him and him catching you will certainly get you booted.  There's no easy answer, but I think if I was in your position I would just do my best to avoid the subject altogether and hope you don't have to directly lie but just be dishonest by omission.  

On to the opiates and Stadol.  Migraines introduced me to this wonder drug we call opioids at the prime age of 14.  It took almost 10 years until it became a problem, but ultimately led me down a path that's hard to imagine.  It sounds like you're at the beginning, and let me tell you once it takes off it's a very difficult process to stop.  Stadol is different in that it's a total synthetic and when I was hooked on perc and norco and would run out and start w/d, Stadol would not help with my w/d, only make me feel really weird and perhaps allow me a few hours of sleep.  I know what you're going through, I do.  I've tried every med available and nothing has ever worked aside from narcotics.  Because I eventually ended up homeless and addicted to heroin, and then got clean, and then had 2 short relapses in almost 6 years I know that opioids are not an option for me.

I don't think you're there, but it's a slippery slope.  But don't let AA tell you what you can and can't take.  The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.  Stick to that.  Keep the rest to yourself.  You'll hear all kinds of advice and most of the old timers will quickly change their opinion of you if you admit to this.  Being an alcoholic or addict doesn't mean we have to live life in pain.  I've been in the program for years and can tell you that changing your sobriety date because you are taking prescribed medications is ridiculous.

Just be careful with your meds.  Tell your doc that you're concerned and ask them what they think.  At this point you're not even dependent from what you've said.  You become dependent when you can't feel normal without them.   You become and addict when you can't feel normal without them and you can't stop obsessing over them and are willing to go great lengths to get more.  

I've been both, and it always started with dependancy which led to addiction.  Even though I've relapsed twice in 6 years, I still consider myself pretty awesome because I have made it 6 years and have not even come close to where I was before the start of that 6. 

I hope that makes sense and provides you a perspective you haven't heard or seen. If you want to talk in more detail feel free to PM me anytime. I can share with you my story and how I deal with migraines without meds and have been for quite a few years.  

Best of luck!  Be careful and really consider possible outcomes when sharing info with your neuro.  It's a tough call but I still stand by my opinion on what i'd do in the situation.


  
------
So drug counselor sees drug use everywhere and suggests that any attempt to counter this argument one must in effect disprove a negative. I haven't seen elephants hide behind daisies but that's not because they his especially well. 

Perhaps you are confusing the underlying ills of society with the disease of addiction. Getting someone clean doesn't necessarily stop the problems that made the individuals seek out substances to begin with (how many of your recovering addicts move from one substance to another or behavior to another like drugs to alcohol or sex or codependency?). Denying these people and their families support to fulfill (yours or someone else's) puritanical dream doesn't seem very enlightened in the face of the latest evidence regarding drug addiction (as does the rate of success and relapse related to the efficacy of current treatment modalities, especially those that won't permit medical maintenance like nalaxone, buprenorphine, or even heroin). 

But sure, welfare recipients, who the majority, statistically, don't stay on assistance for long, should go through hoops that other people don't have to despite any evidence that would refute such things. It just feels like they need the nanny state to watch over them, doesn't it? Good enough! 
------
I know, because they were homeless heroin addicts the committed suicide. 
------
I am 100% dead serious when i say I think there is at least a 50% chance that lebron is a genetically modified human being and in turn, has no father.
I am dead serious. I believe lebron was grown in a test tube and then artificially implanted into gloria james and carried to term. no human being should possess his combination of size, strength and athleticism. AND to book it all out, he's very intelligent too. (besides the decision) remember how much poise he had just coming into the league at 18 years old? it's un-natural. how often have TV analysts described him as a "freak of nature" .....maybe it's truer than we know.
I am serious. we all know (and I swear I am not saying this to be insulting or mean) that lebron's mom was a crack whore (is drug addicted prostitute better?) it's just a fact, it happened. I am NOT saying this to be mean, in fact I am a heroin addict and know a few woman who have sold themselves for dope, it happens. they are not bad people.
and the government has a history of using prostitutes and impoverished people in "experiments." read about MK-ULTRA. it happened. the CIA used to have prostitutes slip LSD to johns and then the agents would watch what happened thru 2-way mirrors. the government helped start and continue the crack epidemic of the 80s.
I believe that lebron was a precursor experiment to create super soldiers. something where they were just like "well let's test it out on some poor people that no one will notice and see if we can get any results before we sink more billions into this."
it's not all that crazy. you don't think the government has interest in creating genetically modified super human soldiers? we know for a FACT it does. it's been documented. you don't think russia or china has interest in such a thing? you know they do. and anything russia or china is or would be doing we are doing. to do it first and do it better.
he's some kind of experiment that they just monitored from a distance and let keep growing. and i mean this was probably initially started with just a few people who believed it could be done and that's why it started small and covert using regular civilians. until they could show the results to the higher ups and say "look at this, you don't wanna fund this on a larger scale?"
and where else would such a person end up besides in a professional sports league?
I think there is probably some secret base(s) out there that are now filled with people like lebron, younger than him probably. if they couldn't see how well the experiment worked until he was about 16-18 years old (he was pretty much a full grown man at 16 and could have came off the bench for any NBA team if not started) than maybe there are a bunch of 9-15 year old super humans like lebron (not copies of him but given the same genetic boost that he was) eating chow in some secret barracks right now.....
until someone comes forth and the DNA test shows him to be his father (and a bunch have come forward and been shown not to be) than I will believe this is AT LEAST possible..

edit: something I'd like to add in case someone says "well if this is true why wouldn't lebron's mom come forward and admit it, just say I participated in a government experiment and lebron was the result." well she doesn't know. it's simple, she goes to a hotel with a john, he slips something in a drink and she gets knocked out-cold. they take her and do whatever they did. give her some amnesiacs or anesthesia (probably benzos too) so when she wakes up she's in a haze and doesn't remember anything. not even the john. she finds out she's pregnant later and just assumes she got knocked up by any random john. has lebron. shit even if she participated willingly, got paid, and knows everything, no one would believe her crazy ass.

edit2: i just thought of something else, i've been pinning this on "the government" when there are plenty of private companies and organizations with the funding and technology to do something like this. i mean people this is 2015.....wouldn't you be more shocked if by this point someone HADN'T tried to create a super human by now? but you never thought that you might have been watching one this whole time.
------
We rate drugs based on addictiveness and damaging ability. Class A drugs are heroine, cochineal, methamphetamine and others along that line. I think bless B is over the counter counter drugs being possessed illegally, at least the potent ones. Class C are the weaker ones like marijuana. 

So Ed's 'class A team' is about people, the junkie in the song is just an example, of what the hard drugs drive people to do and the fact that's he's seen it happen to people and seen the affects first hand from the time he spent homeless / couch surfing. 
------
Don't worry, if they got addicted to morphine, trying heroin is definitely in their future!

Also: This is why you shouldn't be mean to homeless junkies.  Often it was just a few years ago that they were gainfully employed but had chronic pain issues.  Coping with chronic pain through opiates can often lead to serious addiction issues.
------
Selling meth and heroin is a victimless crime..? Ask the users families if they agree with you.
------
I have concerns about InSite's lack of discouragement of drug use and in some cases promotion of it. [In this documentary the filmmaker becomes homeless in Vancouver and goes to InSite to try heroin and they actually show him how to inject it without discouragement despite him saying he's never done it before](https://youtu.be/mE_Bz6rpia4).
------
Actually, pure heroin (diacetylmorphine) is pretty much indistinguishable medically from other opiates like morphine. Heroin is actually used in hospitals for pain in some countries like the UK. Also, most opiates are equally addictive, though there are some differences between them. 

TL;DR: you don't know what you're talking about either.
------
I don't care about the size of the country. But as for the rest:

It's a democracy. It has 3 leading figures, similar to the consuls of Rome. They each have a 4 year mandate. Each of them assign their ministers. There is no voting for parties in this election. Just for person. The power of the states is thus divided into 3 people and not centered in one. Combined, they have the power to veto the Senate.

* The first consul has power on more economical things, meaning he has the ministry of economy, of finance, agriculture, tourism, transport .

* The second consul has the more social ministries such as health, education, jurisprudence, social services.

* The third is in charge of the ministries of defense, the intern(police and special forces), preservation of the national culture and territory.

Then the other main organ is the Senate. It also has a 4 year term and what it does is create laws. If the Senate decides it can also end the mandate of one or more of the consuls.

As I said, all these people are elected. In order to vote, you must be a citizen and 21 or over years of age. Also, you must have at least 13 years of school, which means finished high school. You must also hold a test for general knowledge which includes mostly history and things everyone should know for example how the country works. The test can be held by every 21 year old citizen if they wish to vote. If the citizen commits a crime, his voting license is revoked by authorities and once his sentence is ended he can apply for the test to vote again.

As for citizenship, there are 3 ways to become a citizen:

* Being born a citizen, meaning at least one of your parents is a citizen.

* Doing something truly great about the country, like for example stopping a nuclear power plant for exploding.

* Working for the country and paying taxes for at least 10 year. While you do this, you much reach the financial status of the richest 20% of the citizens. Also, you need a clean record, obviously.

More severe punishments for every crime, including the death penalty for really serious offenses(torturing and killing someone or national traitory).

Young men must go to the army for 2 years, 3 years in the case of officer school or sailors(like it used to be). Women must take a 6 month course on how to be nurses and provide general health assistance to soldiers.

People in prisons: aside from not having the right to vote, they must also work. They must not be fed by the taxpayer. They should work as the country sees fit in brigades.

Welfare. There are two ways to be on welfare: 

* Having a physical condition that prevents you from working.

* Being an old person, in which case it isn't really welfare, it's a pension you have worked for all your life.

Huge investments in science.

Separation of church and state. Absolute.

Universal free healthcare and very cheap, well organized public transport.

Less strict gun laws. Basically, the gun laws of Switzerland.

The country is a federation which means that 60% of the taxes people pay stay in their region, while only 40% go to the general government. That way people from richer regions don't have to support financially people from poorer regions.

Legalization and taxation of most drugs, save things like heroin or krokodil. Legalization and taxation of prostitution.  Legalization of same sex marriage and adoption for such couples.

Tax breaks for people who create work places. The more workers you have, the less taxes you have to pay *but* all your workers must have full benefits.

A strong policy of protectionism over the local business.

That's pretty much the changes I want applied to Italy but I think it would work marvelously pretty much everywhere.

EDIT: And as all of this is done by me after being put in charge, I resign from my position of power and take control over some agencies that make me filthy rich for the rest of my life while still helping the government and people. Being put down in history books as someone who changed everything for the better.
------
you could flip that around and say 'I realise that my problems are not that bad, far less than other's endure'. 

I stand by my words, if you're complaining that you're addicted to coffee or some such ultra low impact vice, I'll tell you to go to a support group for heroin addicted mothers or meth addicted homeless kids, etc. and get over yourself.
------
There have been incidents over the years that have made their way into the news. The “Gangland Mom” killing of Aaron Iturra in 1994 was a big deal and I think it even ended up being covered on crappy syndicated daytime shows like Sally or Springer. At least one of the persons from the trial was arrested in Eugene many years later as he was still active. 

In 2010 a Dutch Bros. employee fatally shot one of 2 people attempting to rob the stand on Franklin. He ended up leaving town as the 2 robbers were were gang members. 

There was also a gang member killed by others in 2008 in an apartment following a home invasion/assault the day before. http://www.kval.com/news/local/15125576.html

It’s hard to tell who is really a gang member and who is posing, but there are parts of downtown and West Eugene where sometimes it looks like it might be real but it’s hard to know. Sometimes the tags visible from bike paths in W. Eugene match up with "real" gangs. Just today riding through West Eugene someone made a bunch of strange hand gestures as I rode by. Was he crazy, or was it because of the color of my jacket (I know, that sounds so ‘90s and I normally don’t think that way but a friend made a joke about it yesterday), or did he just have ants up his sleeve? Who knows, maybe having so many mentally ill homeless people on the streets makes it easier for a gang member to hide.  

Dare I bring up race, but as our African-American population is barely 2% or thereabouts many who move here from gang infested areas like SoCal or Stockton laugh at the idea that we have gangs here. But lighter skinned people were quite capable of forming dangerous gangs during Prohibition, and I don’t think that ability has gone away. And as much fun as it is to make fun of the local media it’s extremely difficult (&amp; duh, dangerous) to infiltrate a gang whether as a reporter or an undercover officer. Most of the time it takes informants. But given the stolen bike &amp; auto problems in the area, along with meth &amp; heroin, home invasions, and the sex trade it’s likely we do have some gangs that are fairly well organized. 
------
Broke this up to be safe, I'm on my phone and if I tried to send that and got a word limit then somehow lost it all I would cry lol. 

I understand why you would see meth or heroin users like that, but you should learn to let go of those preconceived notions piece by piece. The drug world is quite different in many ways than the image much of society has of it. For one thing, we'we're **EVERYWHERE**. Absolutely, with only the occasion extreme case being an exception. I'd bet good money you've dealt with people on a whole lot of different drugs without ever knowing it. Plenty may, but far from all drug users look the stereotypical part. I myself am tall, white, glasses, khaki shorts, white undershirt, button up collared shirt guy. I've never felt a need to express myself via personal appearance, and these clothes keep me safe. No one looks twice at you, no one questions you or bats an eye, and that includes cops. Very handy.

Over time you'll come to see that while the drug content on tomorrow's front page is fact, it isn't often representative of the full reality. Yes there are people that wind up homeless due to heroin addiction, yes people wind up in jail with bug eyes and no teeth from crystal meth, but these cases are the minority on one extreme of the spectrum. No one ever talks about the safe responsible drug use, because it isn't in the news. It stays behind locked doors. People only see individuals living the wrong lifestyle because if they were doing it right they'd  ever know.

The meth look for example. Dirty, covered in scabs, wide scared eyes, with only a few cracked brown teeth left. It keeps you up for days, and some people forget or ignore regular showers. Just set reminders. The wide eyed look would be from being really high and up for several days which causes sleep deprivation that makes the world *weird*. So don't stay up too long, and if you have don't leave the house. Amphs cause dry mouth admittedly, and some people grind their teeth, but nothing about it rots your teeth. Keep your mouth moist, remember to brush regularly, avoid grinding, and you won't have a problem. The image comes from people who have unfortunately been using far too much for far too long, they aren't the norm.
------
You put in effort to write this for me and I think I should put in effort to respond.

&gt; I really think this is part of your image that you keep wanting to project to others about being a Grunge Kid Who Does Heroin.

Well, I am what I am but I don't want my little sister to be that. I have no issue with fucking myself up and being a delinquent dumbass but I want better for her. It's a "do as I say, not as I do" thing you know?

&gt;It's clear that you are very wealthy (you said you went to a top state school that costed $24,000 a year), you lived in your own apartment as a teenager, etc. so in some ways you've got a pretty charmed life.

I *had* these things. My parents were rich, not me. I got a decent job too because of connections but now most of my money goes on you know what.

&gt;Using drugs can definitely be a coping mechanism for mental illness, but only a certain type of person takes any opportunity to flaunt their heroin use (like going to r/newzealand and making a post "Where can I get heroin?") 

I was genuinely looking for a hookup, and you know what? I actually got one. Someone pm'd me. 

&gt; Why else would you just keep dropping it in random comments to strangers on the internet as if that isn't something that was really traumatizing?

The truth is I get high and go on reddit a lot. I find it a great for of escape (I assume you already guessed that though)

&gt;If you actually care about your sister at all, you need to address this shit.

That's the thing, I do. I really do but I'm too far in now. I just have to hope she doesn't follow me.



------
I have been sober from all substances since 9/21/14. I had a pretty major addiction to I.V heroin and hydromorphone, fentanyl, oxycodone, etc, for 4 years.

I have been on suboxone programs 3 times. Suboxone was certainly not beneficial for myself personally.

Suboxone kept me out of withdrawal of course, but that is the only thing it ever did on its own. My cravings and obsession for opiates was not mitigated in the slightest by buprenorphine.

Suboxone allowed me to hold a full time job and save money that i would use to binge on heroin with. The binges got more and more expensive, and my quality of life was not much better than when i was using. 

I had no supervision with my suboxone dosage so i was able to take just enough to feel well, but not enough to keep my from getting high later in the day. If i had been in some type of program that monitored and regulated my dosage i think i might have been better off.

I think another reason suboxone never worked for me was that the only change in my life was a prescription. When i went home from the doctor i was still in the exact same shitty situation. I still had a shitty job, i had shitty friends, i had a shitty place to live. I had no goals other than stay out of withdrawal.

I can only give  my experience with this drug. I am sure it has worked for some people. I think it could have worked for me, if i had some major support.

I have been sober for a while now. I went to a 90 treatment program at a homeless shelter. I became active in helping other people. I worked and continue to work a 12 step program ( i am an atheist). I am enrolled in college and I am an A student. 

I could not have achieved everything i have done while on suboxone.

Sometimes I crave a strip though. That shit will get you fucked up with no tolerance.

TL;DR Suboxone did not work for me
------
Can confirm, did heroin, everything is round.
------
It can, Yes. And, given the current connection of drugs with black markets, it's fairly likely. However I don't think it would be nearly as bad as it is right now. It would more likely be akin to young kids asking homeless people to buy them alcohol now. The most important part is, though, people wouldn't be funneled through the legal system with potentially life-ruining consequences... at least that would be the most important part for me and many people. That would also take the stigma away that people have about drug users (the "scum of the earth" thinking. It's really damaging. Personally, one of my closest friends thinks like that about hard drugs like coke and heroin. It hurts not to be able to talk about it with her cuz I have to keep it secret for fear of being chastised and losing a friend. If we could get rid of that way of thinking, we'd be on a good track)
------
I know this will come across sounding like a dick, so whatever. This is such an ironic 'technology' junkie story, like when billionaires get knocked down to millionaires and complain about it ya know? 
The very idea of a heroin junkie/dopehead going through life doing some dirty dirty things to/with/for other people to score a fix. Never having the money for more than a shot at a time and shit. Just all that stereotypical stuff. I guess there's two sides of each coin but "No, I have to wait for the 2 day priority shipping that has taken a week while in withdrawal. Withdrawal makes me go crazy, I've cut up my arm so bad it looks like a tattoo sleeve. Only because it made me feel a little bit better, because I was feeling something other than the withdrawals. "

Like what the fuck is that shit man.... You've got problems WAY different from the addiction. The addiction is just on top because it's visual, it's easy to be real where the mental shit is not so 'clear cut' 

It costs a ton of money to have that heavy of an addiction on the DNMs, though I guess if you're just using fentanyl maybe not a TON, but for dope....not feasible unless you're very well off financially, in which case I highly suggest getting the mental help you need, admitting you need it and fully see it through. You can go to some fancy rehab for mind and body, keep looking for the robin williams to your matt damon....

Sorry for being a dick, calling it as I see it because I'm no different. Except the huge tolerance because I can't afford the ability currently for the last few months so it's dropped down a bit. Still consistent and WD if there is none...but much better. 


Seriously though, if you want to change at all, do it. Otherwise it's so cliche to hear  ohh my next will be my last! I hope so.....blah blah blah. 

It's not you're fault..(maybe)

Good luck. 
------
Have you heard of "Righteous Doepfiend"? It's a photographic ethnography taking place over a decade or so (it's probably longer I just can't remember) among a homeless heroin addict community in San Francisco and it goes over exactly what you're referring to so well.
------
&gt;"69,666,1cup,2girls,2girls1cup,4r5e,5h1t,abortion,ahole,aids,anal,anal sex,analsex,angrydragon,angrydragons,angrypenguin,angrypenguins,angrypirate,angrypirates,anus,apeshit,ar5e,arrse,arse,arsehole,artard,askhole,ass,ass 2 ass,ass hole,ass kisser,ass licker,ass lover,ass man,ass master,ass pirate,ass rapage,ass rape,ass raper,ass to ass,ass wipe,assbag,assbandit,assbanger,assberger,assburger,assclown,asscock,asses,assface,assfuck,assfucker,assfukker,asshat,asshead,asshole,asshopper,assjacker,asslicker,assmunch,asswhole,asswipe,aunt flo,b000bs,b00bs,b17ch,b1tch,bag,ballbag,ballsack,bampot,bang,bastard,basterd,bastich,bean count,beaner,beastial,beastiality,beat it,beat off,beaver,beavers,beeyotch,betch,beyotch,bfe,bi sexual,bi sexuals,biatch,bigmuffpi,biotch,bisexual,bisexuality,bisexuals,bitch,bitched,bitches,bitchin,bitching,bizatch,blackie,blackies,block,bloody hell,blow,blow job,blow wad,blowjob,boff,boffing,boffs,boink,boinking,boinks,boiolas,bollick,bollock,bondage,boner,boners,bong,boob,boobies,boobs,booty,boy2boy,boy4boy,boyforboy,boyonboy,boys2boys,boys4boys,boysforboys,boysonboys,boytoboy,brothel,brothels,brotherfucker,buceta,bugger,bugger ,buggered,buggery,bukake,bullshit,bumblefuck,bumfuck,bung,bunghole,bush,bushpig,but,but plug,butplug,butsecks,butsekks,butseks,butsex,butt,buttfuck,buttfucka,buttfucker,butthole,buttmuch,buttmunch,buttplug,buttsecks,buttsekks,buttseks,buttsex,buttweed,c0ck,c0cksucker,cabron,camel toe,camel toes,cameltoe,canabis,cannabis,carpet muncher,castrate,castrates,castration,cawk,chank,cheesedick,chick2chick,chick4chick,chickforchick,chickonchick,chicks2chicks,chicks4chicks,chicksforchicks,chicksonchicks,chickstochicks,chicktochick,chinc,chink,chinks,choad,choads,chode,cipa,circlejerk,circlejerks,cl1t,cleavelandsteemer,cleveland,clevelandsteamer,clevelandsteemer,clit,clitoris,clitoris     ,clits,clusterfuck,cock,cock block,cock suck,cockblock,cockface,cockfucker,cockfucklutated,cockhead,cockmaster,cockmunch,cockmuncher,cockpenis,cockring,cocks,cocksuck,cocksucker,cocksuka,cocksukka,cok,cokmuncher,coksucka,comestain,condom,condoms,coochie,coon,coons,cooter,copulated,copulates,copulating,copulation,corn,corn_hole,cornhole,cornholes,cr4p,crap,crapping,craps,cream,creampie,crotch,crotches,cum,cumming,cums,cumshot,cumstain,cumtart,cunnilingus,cunt,cuntbag,cunthole,cuntilingis,cuntilingus,cunts,cuntulingis,cuntulingus,d1ck,dabitch,dago,dammit,damn,damned,dance,darkie,darkies,darky,deep,deepthroat,defecate,defecates,defecating,defecation,deggo,diaf,diarea,diarhea,diarrhea,dick,dickhead,dickhole,dickring,dicks,dicksucker,dicksuckers,dicksucking,dicksucks,dickwad,dickweed,dickwod,dik,dike,dikes,dildo,dildoe,dildoes,dildos,dilligaf,dingleberry,dipshit,dirsa,dlck,dog,doggin,doggystyle,dogshit,domination,dominatrix,donkey,donkeyribber,dook,doosh,dork,dorks,douche,douchebag,douchebags,douchejob,douchejobs,douches,douchewaffle,duche,dumass,dumb,dumb fuck,dumbass,dumbfuc,dumbfuck,dumbshit,dumdfuk,dumfuck,dumshit,dyke,dykes,ead,eat me,ejaculat,ejaculate,ejaculated,ejaculates,ejaculation,ejakulat,ejakulate,enema,enemas,enima,enimas,epeen,epenis,erect,erection,erekshun,erotic,eroticism,f0x0r,f0xx0r,fack,facker,facking,fag,fagbag,faggit,faggitt,faggot,faggots,faghag,fags,fagtard,fannyflaps,fannyfucker,fart,farting,farts,fatass,fck,fcker,fckers,fcking,fcks,fcuk,fcuker,fcuking,feck,fecker,felch,felched,felcher,felches,felching,fellate,fellatio,feltch,feltched,feltcher,feltches,feltching,fetish,fetishes,finger,fingering,fisting,flog,flogging,flogs,fook,fooker,foreskin,forked,fornicate,fornicates,fornicating,fornication,frigging,frottage,fubar,fuck,fucka,fuckas,fuckass,fucked,fuckedup,fucker,fuckers,fuckface,fuckfaces,fuckhead,fuckhole,fuckhouse,fuckin,fucking,fuckingshitmotherfucker,fucknugget,fucks,fucktard,fuckwad,fuckwhit,fuckwit,fuckyou,fucndork,fudgepacker,fudgepacking,fugly,fuk,fuken,fuker,fukker,fukkin,fukwhit,fukwit,fuq,fuqed,fuqing,fuqs,fux,fux0r,fuxx0r,gang bang,gangbang,gangbanger,gangbangers,gangbanging,gangbangs,ganja,gay,gaydar,gays,gaytard,gaywad,genital,genitalia,genitals,gerbiling,ghey,girl2girl,girl4girl,girlforgirl,girlongirl,girls2girls,girls4girls,girlsforgirls,girlsongirls,girlstogirls,girltogirl,gloryhole,goatse,gobshit,gobshite,gobtheknob,goddam,goddammit,goddamn,goddamned,goddamnit,gooch,gook,gooks,groe,gspot,gtfo,gubb,gummer,guppy,guy2guy,guy4guy,guyforguy,guyonguy,guys2guys,guys4guys,guysforguys,guysonguys,guystoguys,guytoguy,gyfs,hair pie,hairpie,hairpies,hairy bush,hand,handjob,harbl,hard on,hardon,hardons,hell,hentai,heroin,herpes,herps,hick,hiv,ho,hoare,hoe,hoebag,hoer,hoes,hole,homo,homos,homosexual,homosexuality,homosexuals,honkee,honkey,honkie,honkies,honky,hoochie,hooker,hookers,hore,horney,hornie,horny,horseshit,hosebeast,hot,hotcarl,hotkarl,hummer,hump,humping,humps,hymen,i like ass,i love ass,i love tit,i love tits,iluvsnatch,incest,ip freely,itard,jack,jack off,jackass,jackingoff,jackoff,jap,japs,jerk off,jerkoff,jesusfreak,jewbag,jewboy,jiga,jigaboo,jigga,jiggaboo,jis,jism,jiz,jizm,jizz,job,junglebunny,jysm,kawk,khunt,kike,kikes,kinky,kkk,klit,knob,knobjocky,knobjokey,knockers,kooch,koolie,koolielicker,koolies,kootch,kukluxklan,kunt,kyke,l3itch,labia,lap,lapdance,lelo,lemonparty,lesbian,lesbians,lesbifriends,lesbo,lesbos,leyed,lez,lezzie,lichercunt,lick ass,lick myass,lick tit,lickbeaver,lickcarpet,lickdick,lickherass,lickherpie,lickmy ass,lickpussy,like ass,like tit,limpdick,lingerie,llello,lleyed,loltard,love ass,love juice,love tit,lovehole,lsd,lucifer,lumpkin,m0f0,m0fo,mack,mammaries,man2man,man4man,mandingo,manforman,mangina,manonman,mantoman,marijuana,masochism,masochist,master,masterbate,masterbates,masterbating,masterbation,masterbations,masturbate,masturbates,masturbating,masturbation,meatcurtain,men2men,men4men,menformen,menonmen,mentomen,milf,minge,mistress,mof0,mofo,motha,motherfuck,motherfucka,motherfuckas,motherfucked,motherfucker,motherfuckers,motherfucking,motherfuckka,muff,muff diver,muffdiver,muffdiving,munch,mung,mutha,muther,muzza,my ass,n1gga,n1gger,naked,nambla,nards,nazi,nazies,nazis,necrophile,necrophiles,necrophilia,necrophiliac,negro,neonazi,nice ass,nig,nigg3r,nigg4h,nigga,niggah,niggas,niggaz,nigger,niggers,nigglet,niglet,nippies,nipple,nips,nobhead,nobjockey,nobjocky,nobjokey,nookey,nookie,noshit,nude,nudes,nudity,numbnuts,nut bag,nut lick,nut lover,nut sack,nut suck,nutnyamouth,nutnyomouth,nuts,nutsack,nutstains,nymph,nympho,nymphomania,nymphomaniac,nymphomaniacs,nymphos,oral,orgasm,orgasmic,orgasms,orgi,orgiastic,orgies,orgy,paedophile,panooch,panties,panty,patootie,pecker,peckerhead,peckers,pedophile,pedophiles,pedophilia,peepshow,peepshows,pen15,penii,penis,penises,penisfucker,perve,perversion,pervert,perverted,perverts,phat,phile,philes,philia,phuck,phucker,phuckers,phucking,phucks,phuk,phuker,phukers,phuking,phuks,phuq,phuqer,phuqers,phuqing,phuqs,pie,pigfucker,pimpis,piss,pissant,pissed,pisser,pisses,pissfart,pissflaps,pissing,pocket,poke,poon,poon eater,poon tang,poonani,poonanny,poonany,poonj,poonjab,poonjabie,poonjaby,poontang,poop,poopchute,poot,porchmonkey,porking,porks,porn,porno,prick,pricks,prostitot,pube,pubes,pubic,pud,pudd,puds,punani,punanni,punanny,punta,puntang,pusse,pussi,pussies,pussy,puta,puto,qeef,qfmft,qq more,quafe,quap,quatch,queef,queefe,queefed,queefing,queer,queerbait,queermo,queers,queev,quefe,queif,quief,quif,quiff,quim,quim nuts,qweef,racial,racism,racist,racists,rape,raped,raper,raping,rapist,redtide,reefer,renob,retard,ricockulous,rim job,rimjaw,rimjob,rimjobs,rimming,roofie,rtard,rtfm,rubbers,rump,rumpranger,rumprider,rumps,rustytrombone,sadism,sadist,sadomasochism,sand nigger,sandnigga,sandniggas,sandnigger,sandniggers,sapphic,sappho,sapphos,satan,scatological,scheiss,scheisse,schlong,schlonging,schlongs,schtup,schtupp,schtupping,schtups,screw,screw me,screw this,screw you,screwed,screwer,screwing,screws,screwyou,scroat,scrog,scrote,scrotum,secks,sekks,seks,semen,sex,sexed,sexking,sexkitten,sexmachine,sexqueen,sexual,sexuality,sexy,sexybitch,sexybitches,sh1t,shag,shagger,shaggin,shagging,shart,shemale,shit,shitdick,shite,shited,shitey,shitface,shitfaced,shitfuck,shithead,shitlist,shits,shitt,shitted,shitter,shittiest,shitting,shitts,shitty,shiznits,shotacon,shotakon,shyte,sickass,sixtynine,sixtynining,skank,skeet,sketell,sko,skrew,skrewing,skrews,slant eye,slanteyes,slattern,slave,slaves,slopehead,slopeheads,slut,slutbag,slutpuppy,sluts,slutty,slutwhore,smegma,smut,snatch,snatches,soddom,sodom,sodomist,sodomists,sodomize,sodomized,sodomizing,sodomy,sonnofabitch,sonnovabitch,sonnuvabitch,sonofabitch,spank,spanked,spanking,spanks,spearchucker,spearchuckers,sperm,spermicidal,spermjuice,sphincter,spic,spick,spicks,spics,spik,spiks,spooge,stank ho,stankpuss,steamer,stfu,stiffie,stiffy,stud,studs,submissive,submissives,suck,suck ass,sucks ass,swinger,swingers,t1tt1e5,t1tties,take a dump,takeadump,tar baby,tarbaby,tard,teabaggin,teabagging,teets,teez,testes,testical,testicals,testicle,testicles,threesome,throat,thundercunt,tiddie,tiddy,tit,titandass,titbabe,titball,titfuck,tits,titsandass,titt,tittie,tittie5,tittiefucker,titties,titts,titty,tittyfuck,tittywank,titwank,toke,toss salad,tramp,tramps,tranny,transexual,transexuals,transvestite,transvestites,tubgirl,turd,tw4t,twat,twathead,twatlips,twats,twatty,twunt,twunter,ufia,umfriend,underwear,up yours,upyours,upyourz,urinate,urinated,urinates,urinating,urination,urine,vaffanculo,vag,vagina,vaginal,vaginas,vaginer,vagitarian,vagoo,vagy,vajayjay,viagra,vibrator,virgin,virginity,virgins,voyeur,voyeurism,voyeurs,vulva,w00se,wackedoff,wackoff,wad blower,wad lover,wad sucker,wadblower,wadlover,wadsucker,waffle,wang,wank,wanker,wanky,wetback,wetbacks,wetdream,wetdreams,whackedoff,whackoff,whigger,whip,whipped,whipping,whips,whiz,whoe,whore,whored,whorehouse,whores,whoring,wigger,willies,wog,wogged,woggy,wogs,wop,xx,xxx,yank,yayo,yeat,yeet,yeyo,yiff,yiffy,yola,yols,yoni,youaregay,yourgay,zipperhead,zipperheads,zorch"

-Joe Derosa
------
They disproved that in America and other first world countries that healthy food is hard to get for the poor. What it turns out to be is a lack of basic health education and understanding of calorie intake and output. Also some neighborhoods are too dangerous to exercise in.

Either way, in the age of the internet, there is little, if no excuse for ignorance on something as basic as calorie control. You can eat maccas and not gain weight if you do it right.

**EDIT:** Here you go, some simple articles about how food deserts don't exist, and they don't serve to explain why other countries like Australia, where fresh fruits and veggies are abundant EVERYWHERE and cheaper than anything pre packaged, have huge obesity rates.

[NPR news story about how we're blaming the wrong issues and wasting money that way](http://www.npr.org/2010/12/15/132076786/the-root-the-myth-of-the-food-desert)

[NYT article about how food deserts don't exist, "Living close to supermarkets or grocers did not make students thin and living close to fast food outlets did not make them fat." ](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/18/health/research/pairing-of-food-deserts-and-obesity-challenged-in-studies.html?_r=0)

["Poor neighborhoods had more grocery stores, not fewer"](http://conscienhealth.org/2014/02/the-persistent-mythology-of-food-deserts/)

**EDIT 2: For anyone going on about how bad food for you is cheaper and easier to get anyway, and that poor people don't have time to make low cal food, please read this...**

*Ok, fair enough. For calorie to dollar ratios, the junk food is much cheaper. But it still doesn't look into the issue of education and portioning.*

*I mean, if the purpose is to calorie control, why are they buying the $1 thing and eating the entire thing instead of splitting it up into portions that keep them under their TDEE's? Doesn't that save even MORE money? So you buy 1000 calories for $1. Split that package over a few days so you don't just eat hot dogs, and you've already got yourself some decent meal planning going on. Hell, it would even save time because there would be less to cook, less to clean up... less technically to eat, resulting in less calories. Eating at weight maintenance levels is not hard, and being "hungry" after eating enough calories in a day to keep you at a steady weight is not an excuse to eat more.*

*The issue now again isn't the price of the food or even what food they buy. You could buy exclusively lard and still lose weight if you portioned it correctly. It's the fact that a person buys 2 boxes of Mac and Cheese, and eats both, along with other stuff on top of it, because they don't understand calorie control. This is where the education system HAS to stand in.*

**EDIT 3: For anyone who will try to make the argument that the emotional eating side from being depressed from being poor, or other cultural/mental health issues regarding weight, please read this...**

*I guess people like me try to discount the structural elements as much as possible because it's going to be a LONG time until these issues go away. These are the issues we have to deal with right now, instead of in a dream several years away when mental health is not stigmatised and work doesn't kill us with stress.
You're right. People eat because of stress. But people also do heroin because of stress. It doesn't mean we shouldn't be trying to RIGHT NOW address the problem, while also looking at long term solutions.*

*I would LOVE if healthy food was basically free for the poor. Hell, for everyone. Why not? You can pay extra for junk food if you have the money, but the healthy shit is free. But I doubt that will ever happen. I don't disagree with you really, I just feel like in the situations we have now where a basic human need like food is a traded commodity that people have trouble affording, we need to be realistic about our attitudes towards food and public health.*

**Not everyone who is obese is poor with mental health issues. It statistically doesn't make sense considering the statistics of the populations. If 50% or more of America is over weight, but only 16% are in poverty, and 20% have mental health issues, how do we account for those who are rich enough to know and eat better? This is an issue of willing ignorance as well, with a culture that encourages in eating or starving to excess. Education is a major factor here.**
------
LOL that's a fantastic rant of assumed inflammatory nonsense, I was hoping for a unicorn with a rainbow saddle to swoop you away at the end so that was a little let down.....8/10 is all I can do on this one.....you are pretty far off on facts though so that dropped your score as well.

I did get an actual LOL at your "crazy eyes to match", that's a new one for me and really highlighted how ignorant you are concerning any of this of this.

In response to your veiled effort to compare wealth levels on the Internet? Honestly, that is sophomoric so I am not going to go down that path other than to say that I own a nice home, make plenty of cash to pay the bills and buy what I want........and am debt free minus about a 15%LTV mortgage on my home and property. Not sure about how our annual income levels compare......that seems to be your definition of wealth, whereas I look at it on a basis liquidity and net worth and in that regard, if you ever want to be truly wealthy, take the balance sheet approach, not the income line on the P&amp;L view.

Oh and btw, despite all your moronic babble about me and my financial well being.......you are still as wrong about the legality of chasing Freddy Gray based on all of his previous heroin arrests, I sure hope that "college education" you have isn't a Juris Doctor because you won't pass the bar with that level of legal knowledge.
------
You've asked the right question, which many try to elude, especially journalists and so-called specialists. 
Please note that it now Jan 2015 and the doc is from June 2014. 

ISIS is in a totally different situation now, loosing ground on all fronts, and it is becoming more or more evident by the day that they are not (and never were) the threat to the world the mass-media wanted you to think. 
Yes, they're good at beheading defenseless people, but other than that, they're pretty useless... 

I recommend /r/syriancivilwar/ and /r/combatfootage to see those guys in action to get regular updates about this situation. 
Bottom line is that they'd be wiped by most amateur airsoft teams.

Concerning their financing, some points: 

* The alleged $400m heist in Mosul [never happened  according to the Financial Times](http://http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0378d4f4-0c28-11e4-9080-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3Q1GFOZz8) , but of course they do robb smaller bank branches and/or businesses

* Tax money/extorsions/selling of stolen goods/kidnapping/ransoming: this is of course happening, however how much money could be made from that is highly debattable. 
I think we could compare it with other terrorist groups like the Colombian FARC and/or the Taliban in Afghanistan, who do all those things... but there's a reason they've long switched to cocaine &amp; heroin trafficking respectively: it's a much steadier stream of money than the sporadic kidnapping/extorsion activities. 

* Another one that comes regularily is that they're selling crude oil on the Turkish black market. According to my armchair-guesstimations in [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/CombatFootage/comments/2qg95z/who_pays_for_everything/cn6wxt0), they'd need an armada of 200 tanker trucks daily to be netting the alleged $1million they're supposed to make. That's a logisitical nightmare. FedEx or DHL executives would hire them geniuses on the spot if they could.... And now, with crude oil being sold at $45, they'd need double that. 

* Hence, IMHO, the only reasonable funding source are donations from rich and powerful people in the Middle East.

------
I said this to my in-laws when their daughter was dating a heroin addict and they decided to let him move in with them. 

I was right. He stole all their jewelry and a couple grand with their atm card before they found out and he fled. 

Of course I was still an asshole.  But at least I was right. 
------
I was 9 years old the first time I masturbated.  At that time, I was obsessed with witches, magic spells, poisons, mad scientists, and drugs that made people sick instead of better.  I used to replay [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7ykJ0ypgNI) from Sword in the Stone over and over and over.  I loved watching the red spots break out on Madam Mim's dragon belly and then how she had no choice but to relent as the "illness" overtook her.

The feeling of my first orgasm was something I couldn't explain.  It left me fatigued and breathless.  And I started to imagine that a spell had been cast upon me, making me feel that way.  For several years, my fantasies continued in this vein.  I would be poisoned by someone who didn't like me, duped into participating in a science experiment gone wrong, or have my body taken over by a powerful sorceress.

Like many American 5th graders, I participated in the DARE program.  I learned that drugs are bad.  Or more specifically, that they will make you high, but they will also leave you addicted, diseased, and disabled.  The way my DARE officer described a "high" sounded like my orgasms, and the long-term health effects sounded a lot like the end result of my masturbation fantasies.  So, I replaced the witches and spells with "peer pressure" and illegal drugs.  And I started to imagine myself trying [insert drug name here], getting high, getting addicted, and ending up with [insert combination of health consequences from extreme drug use here].

And like many teenagers, I decided to try drugs in spite of everything DARE taught me.  First I tried alcohol.  Then pot.  And at 15, I smoked my first cigarette.  I knew immediately that nicotine was my drug of choice!  I loved the high.  I loved the rush.  I loved the way smoking made my pussy throb and tingle. And I quickly grew to love the look of smoke filtering out between my pursed lips.  And the soothing noise of tobacco leaves popping and cracking as they burn.  And even the rich smell of a clove cigarette (which became the only thing I would smoke).

You would think I would become an immediate addict, but you would be wrong.  For 5 years I purposely tortured myself.  I played mind games where I would only allow myself to smoke when I *wasn't* craving.  I refused to give up my enjoyment of smoking, but I also dared nicotine to try controlling me.  And on the orgasm front, although cigarettes had always been in my drug repertoire, I was just as likely to choose them as anything else.  I assumed that because nicotine made me wet, that cocaine or heroin would probably just make me that much more so.

At 20 I started dating a guy with asthma, and I reluctantly gave up my smokey vice.  It was in the act of quitting (which I had no speakable difficulty doing) that nicotine took her revenge.  For years, I had taken her for granted.  I used her for my own purposes without giving her the fulfillment of controlling my every thought and action.  And so, in her last throes she captured my ability to orgasm.  It was a gradual transition, but one I could never reverse.  The pool of drugs I was able to use for my twisted sex fantasies began to shrink, until one day, I was surprised to find myself left with only one - nicotine.

And for the last 10 years, every orgasm has come to me the same way:  I close my eyes, and imagine a scenario where, instead of fighting Lady Nicotine, I give in.  I chase a high that never will be, and never can be, enough.  And in that fruitless act, I allow her to control my life.  I allow her to dictate my every thought and action.  I allow her to embarrass me, and next to her, I am forced to admit my own weakness.  I allow her to take my vitality by filling my lungs with tar and soot.  And I imagine myself coughing, choking, and gasping for air, while still thinking *only of her*.


------
"Brown Sugar" by the Rolling Stones is either not about heroin or not about black women
------
You realize there are facts and scientific studies regarding gambling addictions, correct? First, if someone really loved losing and that's the high they craved you'd see them at roulette dropping their roll on 00 all the time. 99.9% of Degen gamblers aren't chasing the feeling of losing, they are chasing the rush of gambling and the chemical reaction that occurs in their brain while they are at the table. It is, literally, the same reaction your brain gets from coke. Are there people who enjoy getting kicked in the balls for sexual satisfaction? Sure, about .0001% of the population. Are there people who enjoy losing at the table? Probably, about .000001% of gamblers.

A more apt comparison would be you seeing a homeless junkie, in dirty clothes living in an alley and thinking, "Man that guy must LOVE living on the street with nothing to his name and no friends or family. Or else, why would he do heroin?" Instead of thinking that hes lost self control due to poor choices resulting in a chemical dependency and has gone too far down the rabbit hole to even see the light any longer
------
I've travelled extensively in many countries and now am in SE Asia. Speed (or "ice") is the drug of choice for Thailand, Cambodia, etc. It's almost always smoked in makeshift water pipes, or "follow the dragon" style. Seems the locals like the boost of power and optimism. Psychedelics, though available,, aren't very popular except among the well to do Thais, though mushroom shakes are offered to the tourists in the islands, as they are on many Indonesian islands, where they grow abundantly (eg on Lombok). In Thailand, dope has severe penalties attached to its use, though foreign users get off with a huge fine (eg $1000). Policemen are quite wealthy in Thailand and some even have to pay the uppers in the police department for lucrative assignments like Ko Phangan, where there's a big drugs scene and lots of busts.

The cops are starting to crack down in Laos too at the party scenes in Vang Vieng (eg $500 fines). Drugs were openly available there for a loooong time, but the cops discovered a lucrative racket in busting young kids for petty infractions (like possession of a single joint). 

Heroin doesn't seem to be very popular among the locals, and opium is considered "Grandpa's drug" by the young. They prefer speed. Weed isn't even smoked that much by the locals, though it's available almost everywhere for the foreigners. The enforcement varies and depends directly on the police presence. If the island is small with no cops, people smoke everywhere with impunity. The local bartender might roll joints for you, though it's available as pressed blocks at moderate prices.

Cambodia used to be the best place for dope in the world (or at least the 3rd world). Everything was available and the cops weren't interested in busting people. That's changed a bit because of US pressure, though weed is permitted and even smoked on the street. It's even used in traditional cooking. There is a thriving business in psychedelics. Ditto for China White (very pure and therefore dangerous heroin). However I've lost contact with the drug scene there. You can still buy ketamine OTC in some drug stores in Phenom Penh since it's sold as an animal anesthetic.

Valium and Xanax are available throughout the area (SE Asia) though not legal for OTC sale at pharmacies. You have to scout around for it by hitting a number of pharmacies. It depends on whether the pharmacy has police protection.

I've seen glue inhaled by kids in Nicaragua, but never in SE Asia, thank God.

PS: All this sounds like I'm a big head, but drugs are mostly in my past now.
------
**The Dutch**

**Racial Characteristics**

Tight-fisted windmill operators, this miniature breed is so ashamed of their own drug and sex addicted country that it refers to itself in a way that is literally impossible to link back to the hypodermic needle landfill that is the Netherlands.  Being essentially homeless Germans, the Dutch settled in what can only be described as a swampy oceanic flood plain.  Desperate for an identity other than the retarded cousins of the Germanic hordes, the Dutch were easily brainwashed by bronze age missionaries into accepting Jesus into their hearts.  After their first read-through of the Bible, they became instantly terrified of another great flood, justifiably so since they literally have to look up to see the ocean.  In their panic, the decided the best course of action was to build miniature arks that they could wear on their feet.  Due to their obvious lack of creativity and intelligence, they called their ingenious inventions Klomps, after the sound they made while dragging their purposeless bodies back and forth from their corn-grinding windmill and cheese-making factories.

**Good points**: Plentiful tar heroin and hookers.

**Proper forms of address**:  *Cheese tits, Dyke, Dicksuckinflog, Marsh Nigger.*  Additionally, the proper description of a Dutch midget is a *Minivan*.

**An anecdote illustrating something of the Dutch character**:

Two Dutchmen met each other while walking through town.  

"Hey Johan VandenFlabberflog, where are you klompping to?"

"Ah, back to the windmill to grind more corn for some reason.  Where are *you* klompping to Vandy VanderVanvan?"

"I'm klomping down to the store to get some new klomps for the Kermis parade tomorrow.  Are you going?"

You bet your klomps I am.  Can't klomping wait!"

"That's klomptastic!  I'll klomp you there!"

"Klompity klomp!"

"Yeah, klompity klompin' klomp!"



------
Look into a treatment facility, whether it's inpatient or outpatient. I would recommend suboxone, I've been off the opiates for a year now and on a steady dose of suboxone and it's worked wonders for Me. I have my life back and I owe it all to my dad.

Here's why, he was calm, supportive and understanding. You must know how hard it is to quit opiates me heroin. 

It's a struggle unlike any other and this process takes time, patience and a lot of love. Your son can and will come back from this. Good luck to you and him and my thoughts are with you in this difficult time. 

In the meantime, get some Narcan and learn how to administer it properly. It's good to have that knowledge just in case. 
------
No one. They are economic migrants abusing the European welfare states and asylum process.

2 or 3 years ago 300 African migrants came to my city (yay! so enriched) and now there's a constant stream of black guys standing in front of the neighborhood school dealing meth, weed and heroin. I know that sounds like a bad story from some Stormfront faggot, but unfortunately it is indeed what's happening.

The more and more Africans and Middle Easterners come here, the more racist I get to be honest... fuck that 3rd world scum. But I guess that's what you get with leftist faggots and muslim apologists in the government.
------
I see the point trying to be made, but it is not uncommon to be homeless because of a heroin addiction. So the diarrhea being a symptom heroin-withdrawal isnt THAT unlikely.  
------
I agree.  Also, unless they are panhandling, just because they are homeless doesn't necessarily mean they are hungry (EBT, soup kitchens, shelters,etc).  Cigarettes are probably the least harmful thing homeless people spend cash on (ie: booze, meth, heroin, etc). Obviously the situation may vary but no, I don't get pissed at them for smoking.  I do get pissed at those that have no interest in looking for work or improving their situation.


Source: was unexpectedly homeless for a month and a half this winter.
------
Voluntary homeless are not my favorite part of my city. But your question is asking how easy it is, and I'd say the whole crusty community is very generous. I don't actually know of any pitbull-dreadlocks-heroin young homeless who don't actually have a squat or group house somewhere. There's a thriving system of sharing, including sharing the dogs to help with spangeing.

The main neighborhood you're going to find other crusties to help you is West 4th street up to the Union Square area. Coincidentally, there are a couple of methadone clinics in the area, and many of your comrades are going to be on that, not heroin.

Good luck.
------
Two bathrooms. One for men, one for women and people who need to poop. They keep track of how long people are in there to prevent heroin use. Of course, every single bar downtown has homeless that shoot up in their bathrooms. I highly doubt you'd see much stolen bike dealing there since it's also the main bar where bike messengers drink. 
------
They have shelters. In SF they have them all over the tenderloin. Guess where all the crack/heroin sales and people laying flat out bleeding from their arms are? Yea. And there's a line around the block every day when I drive home at 430. And most of them won't get in. So we just 'build' another shelter... where exactly?  Just have the government buy someone's apartment building and convert it? You can't just say 'build' more. There's no homeless people in the places where there is room to build new shelters. Homeless people want to be in the city. Downtown. Where they can get their EBT, drugs, and money from tourists. You're being idealistic. Nobody wants to live next to the homeless shelter because the crime rate skyrockets around it. 
------
Are you suggesting that I'll get addicted to heroin by doing it 3 or 4 times a year? Because I doubt it...
------
I once dated this cute chick for a short while ("short" being the operative word). We hit up the bars and I spent $30 on her drinks. In the span of an hour...found out she has a 10-year old son living with the baby daddy, did an assortment of illegal narcotics in high school and currently uses heroine. The 'icing on the cake', she showed me a summons where she was supposed to be in court...yesterday.
------
If you ever need a reminder just how easily you could go from being wildly successful to homeless, watch the first episode of the HBO miniseries "The Corner." The creators of "The Wire" followed a family of drug addicts and drug dealers around their block for a year and wrote a book about it (outstanding read, just finished it). Gary McCullough is the father of the family and works three jobs.. he is arguably the most successful and hard-working individual living in his neighborhood. Gary started doing heroin at 34 years old because of his recent divorce and ended up virtually homeless within 5 years, living in his parents' basement and stealing scrap metal to support his habit. The whole miniseries is great but if you have an hour to kill, def watch at least the first episode.. Extremely humbling and provocative (and based on a true story!). The youtube link is posted below :)

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9Paz0ajIxzI
------
Unreserved disagreement.  Poverty levels between the US and Japan are very similar.  Expectations put on young adults are similar, there is more emphasis on education in Japan and more emphasis on increasing income in the US.  It's not possible anymore to hide information on sex and sexuality with the internet.  Almost every child with access to a computer will discover porn immediately now.  

In the US rates for divorce, drug use, violence, all blow away anything seen in Japan.  You grow up real quick in those kind of households, and there are a great many of them.  If your upbringing was in a protected middle class/upper class household in the US I can understand having this viewpoint.  But that is not most of the US.  Lower class households are the most populous.  Actually, only about 50% of Americans even go to college.  

I don't believe the age of consent in the US has any significant impact on the levels of teen pregnancy and preteen sex here anyway.  It's more likely 100's of years of religious indoctrination that accounts for America's puritanical awkwardness in regards to sexuality.  

Anecdotal experiences have little worth but I will share this, I'm in my mid 30's and grew up in a low income household in a major American city.  I also spent 3 months living in Tokyo/Kawagoe in my 20's.  The people I interacted with on a daily basis there wouldn't have lasted 3 days in the area I grew up in and would be traumatized to have dealt with the same daily circumstances.  Not a whole lot of Japanese push heroin on the streets by 15 in order to feed siblings and keep electricity and water running.
------
The problem is that they are told Marijuana is just as bad for you by people like the head of the DEA, thus eroding trust in the people teaching them about drugs. Many people *have heard* that heroin is very addictive, but don't internalize that belief because of inherent mistrust of the whole anti-drug message. 

I'm not saying this is the right thing to do, but this is what happens, and our approach to reducing drug use by hyperbole, scare tactics, exaggeration, and outright lies is where a big part of the blame lies.

People are still 100% responsible for their own actions, however if you're born into a terrible situation, with no family life, little community and few opportunities to get out, using drugs like heroin becomes much more appealing.

People who have grown up in happy homes, with loads of social connections, plenty of opportunities, and **have lived a fulfilling life** will by nature never know that gnawing creeping darkness in that eats away at a man and makes a temporary high more appealing than their current state of mind. I'm not saying wealthy people don't do heroin, I'm saying unfulfilled people do heroin, and its much easier to find satisfaction when you have the means to achieve it. 

No one goes into a heroin addiction *knowing* that they can beg, borrow and steal enough to feed their habit. They stumble into it, thinking the whole time that they are in control, as they slowly and gradually let the drug take over their lives.

[This](http://imgur.com/a/pI8Nm?gallery) illustrates the point I'm trying to make quite well. 