Niggers aren't forced to get actual jobs right now, as it stands. But you might see more robberies as a result. It's possible, though I'm not aware of a spike in robberies in the four states where cannabis is currently legal.

History says there'd be less violent crime, as evidenced by a drop in violent crime after prohibition was ended. But we're talking about a different animal altogether with niggers today. Good questions.
<TRUE>
------
Interesting, but if the main argument as I understand it is weed is the only illicit drug that is heavily ingrained within the white middle and upper class and legalizing it will make them all complacent and not care about any other drugs, then I disagree. I think shrooms and lsd and psychedelics in general are "middle/upper class white people drugs", and even though the rate of use is much lower for these drugs, they will become more socially acceptable when every average joe has access to or knows someone who consumes marijuana legally, and people will gradually come to accept them. I do think this article would be accurate in regards to crack or heroin or meth or any other big bad scary drug that tend to be associated with lower classes. I doubt these will ever be legalized or decriminalized (or it will at least take a very long time.

But I'm pretty high right now and I might just be optimistic. Either way, even with this disadvantage I think marijuana legalization will be a major boon for society, and since it will be such a challenge to legalize/decriminalize other drugs it makes sense to tackle that issue first and then start making progress on everything else afterwards.
<TRUE>
------
There are lots of other areas that could be changed and I'm not even against some welfare cuts - but proportionate cuts (i.e. not £12bn from just Welfare)

1. Increase the minimum wage to a level where working people did not need in work benefits. This would serve 2 purposes. First it would save money as less benefits would be needed and secondly it would increase the tax take as people would be earning more.

2. Tackle tax avoidance and evasion properly. These are estimated to cost around £120 billion per year and if we could stop all tax avoidance and evasion it would reduce the deficit to zero and leave a surplus over night.

3. Stop getting involved in wars that are none of our concern. Iraq and Afghanistan have cost us billions and billions and billions and Cameron wanted to take us into Syria in the last government.

4. Stop giving millionaires tax cuts. In fact introduce a new top tier tax rate of say 60% for earnings over £1 million per year.

5. Stop the war on drugs as it is costing billions and billions and the effect it has on the availability of drugs on our streets is negligible. In fact a case can be made for treating some drugs like alcohol and tobacco in our country. In Holland cannabis use has been falling despite the fact that it is regulated, taxed and controlled. This would save money in policing and locking up people and would also generate income via tax.

6. Stop the draconian sanctions regime as they end up costing us money in appeals, crime, homelessness etc etc.

7. Stop pointless top down reorganizations of the NHS as they are costing us billions and billions.

8. Start investing properly in places outside of London so that we can make those areas as productive and attractive as London to businesses and people which will result in an increased tax take from those areas.

9. Stop giving huge subsidies like in work benefits to corporations that are making billions and billions in profits each and every year.

10. Stop promising billions and billions of give away's in election campaigns in order to buy votes.

I could come up with many many many more examples of areas that could be cut so that the poor who were not responsible for the financial crisis did not have to suffer.
<TRUE>
------
&gt; yes, but implication of that would be LEGALIZED rape, that's all I wanted to make you understand.

I see where you're coming from, but ask yourself this question: how many of the johns do legal prostitutes actually WANT to sleep with? I'm guessing 0. So in the strict sense, they are having unwanted sex for money-- isn't that rape? I feel like by the liberal and legal definition of rape, prostitutes get raped every time they charge money for sex, no? And if that's the case, it's a shame for them, but it's something they are doing in order to turn a profit. They are willing to be raped for money, basically. I mean I'm sure there's the occasional john that she wants to sleep with, but I have to imagine most of them she does for money and is unwanted sexual contact. It's a pretty interesting issue.

EDIT: but to answer the question of legalized rape specifically, I think brothels in nevada might have this question. They have federal laws against race discrimination. My guess is a woman could just say she feels threatened and that would be that, but if she specifically says 'no blacks' in a legal place of business I think she'd get fired or raped in that circumstance. Not passing judgement on whether thats right or wrong, just saying how it is. My guess would be it happens all the time without rape taking place just like racial profiling still happens all the time without consequence.

&gt; But if it was legal.. would you have a right to kill them? I mean, I am trying to understand where you think the line is, does authority grants your rights?

Well technically it is legal sometimes. If a person tries to kill you in your home you have the right to kill them in most states. So it really depends on the situation. I mean the government kills people legally with the death penalty (which I don't personally agree with, but it is the law). 

And yes, authority grants you rights (at least in this country). Outside of authority you have to be able to protect your own rights. Now, if you want to change the rights the authority grants you you can do that by voting. That's the system we have in place. If you don't like you you should either leave, or perhaps the better option, work to change the rights. Look at gay rights and marijuana. You could move to the netherlands, or you could try to change things at home.

&gt; So I think you quite on contrary, believe there is some universal being (authority) granting you rights. So I just want to understand how you make it ok in our mind.

What I mean by "universal law or natural law" is how gravity or mathematics are universal principles. To wit, if you're born and placed in Antarctica you don't have a right to survive with food, shelter, or water. If you're born and placed in an american hospital, you do have those rights for the most part because you're agreeing to be a citizen of the country. There is no natural law giving you rights-- the only thing giving you rights are governments or organizations. So yes, they grant you rights. The universe is indifferent. In lawless societies you don't have any rights save the one's you can enforce. God (if one exists) will not enforce your rights is my point. So while saying "everyone has a right not to be raped" I agree with wholeheartedly, in reality it's simply not true unless you live in a land that says so explicitly and backs it up with the law. 10,000 years ago on the plains of the Serengeti you didn't have that right. 

I wish everyone had the inborn right to food, water, shelter, and safety but nature does not grant us that. Government bodies do with rule of law. The universe and nature is indifferent. 
<TRUE>
------
Here's some good info on how blacks AREN'T targeted more for drugs than whites.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fkZUrT7t4o


On the subject of the racial disparity in drug arrests, despite similar rates of use:

The vast majority of arrests for marijuana possession are the byproduct of being apprehended for an unrelated, more serious manner.


The first half of the War on Drugs focused largely on relentless enforcement of heroin and crack cocaine laws in poor communities of color.7 But with the ebb of the crack epidemic in the late 1980s, law enforcement agencies began shifting to an easy target: marijuana. As a result, over the past 20 years police departments across the country have directed greater resources toward the enforcement of marijuana laws. Indeed, even as overall drug arrests started to decline around 2006, marijuana arrests continued to rise, and now make up over half of all drug arrests in the United States. In 2010, there were more than 20,000 people incarcerated on the sole charge of marijuana possession.

Stated simply, marijuana has become the drug of choice for state and local police departments nationwide. Between 2001 and 2010, there were 8,244,943 marijuana arrests, of which 7,295,880, or 88%, were for marijuana possession. In 2010 alone, there were 889,133 marijuana arrests - 300,000 more than arrests for all violent crimes

https://www.aclu.org/files/assets/aclu-thewaronmarijuana-rel2.pdf


While illicit drugs are implicated in three quarters of incarcerations (75.9 percent), few inmates are incarcerated for marijuana possession as their controlling or only offense. Inmates incarcerated in federal and state prisons and local jails for marijuana possession as the controlling offense accounted for 1.1 percent (25,235) of all inmates and 4.4 percent of those incarcerated for drug law violations. Those incarcerated for marijuana possession as their only offense accounted for 0.9 percent (20,291) of all inmates and 2.9 percent of those incarcerated for drug law violations.

http://www.casacolumbia.org/articlefiles/575-report2010behindbars2.pdf


**Very few people are going to prison simply for marijuana possession. Blacks have a higher rate of arrest for drug possession because they are more likely to have their person/property searched by the police in general. Harsher prison sentences are likely the result of having prior convictions.**

ACLU report: Blacks in South Carolina arrested at nearly three times rate of whites for marijuana possession in 2010

“This is biased research,” Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon said. “This is a case of someone starting off with a theory and then interpreting the facts to support that theory.”

**Cannon said it’s hard to make judgments about the numbers without knowing the stories behind the arrests. “If you look at the folks in the jail who are charged with marijuana possession, it’s almost never the sole charge,” he said. “It’s usually marijuana found incidentally to an arrest on a number of other charges.”**

http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20130606/PC16/130609519

<TRUE>
------
Here's the story on that.

Florida implemented mandatory drug testing for all welfare applicants. The law stated that the applicant had to pay for the test out-of-pocket. If the test came back negative, the applicant was reimbursed for the cost of the test. 

After four months, when a federal judge struck down the law, the state had paid out more in reimbursements than what was *estimated* those who failed the test *would have received* in total benefits. Most people aren't on welfare permanently. In fact, according to [this site](http://www.statisticbrain.com/welfare-statistics/), about half of all welfare recipients are off of it within 2 years.

There are a couple of caveats that often get lost in the discussion. First, no one seems to account for the deterrent effect simply having the test has on drug-using applicants. If you use illegal drugs, and you know that the welfare office will test you, why would you apply? One thing to mention here is that the vast majority of those in Florida who did test positive for drugs tested positive for marijuana only. THC stays in your system for a varying period of time, depending on how much you use, how you use it, etc. So suffice to say, the only people who are going to fail a welfare drug test are people who *think* they'll pass it. (e.g. casual, occasional drug users). Those who *know* they'd never pass it are not going to apply for welfare. This factor makes the actual savings/cost of the testing program difficult to measure because how many people the mere existence of the test deterred from applying in the first place is unknown. It's easy to count the people who walk into the office. It's very, very hard to count the people who *don't* walk into it.

Second, you'll see a lot of articles with exact figures of what the state of Florida lost on this program, but those figures are based on *estimates* of what the positive-testing welfare applicants *would have* received had they been approved. Though most people are off welfare within a few years, the period of time people are on it is all over the map. These estimates are based on the peak of the "time on welfare" bell curve, but this is a *very* fat bell curve we're talking about.

For these reasons, I think it's impossible to tell whether or not Florida saved or lost money on the program. One thing is for sure, though, they didn't lose as much as the news media and blogs said they did.
<TRUE>
------
That's fantastic. I am a staffer in Australia. Though my experience with campaigns is mostly at junior levels rather than in organising them. I have travelled around a bit to help on campaigns, and I found that the best campaigns, no surprise, are run in major cities, with regional campaigns being a bit lack lustre. 

I think your comments about a holy crusade are interesting, because the feeling from my point of view is that our opponents are incompetent rather than evil, and maybe a little corrupt. Though often it feels as though our rusted on opponents do at times think we are evil and that we literally hate poor people. 

If it interests you, we have a growing libertarian movement in Australia, and a senator was elected in the last general election who is a libertarian. He recently made a statement about what he wanted for Christmas which was 

"For gay married couples to have the right to defend their marijuana crops with firearms."

Though I myself am not a libertarian. I am more of a "big society" conservative.
<TRUE>
------
Bonds are there to discourage kids who just grew their first cannabis plant from becoming vendors.

The vendor bond was 3.5 btc on Silk Road (the good one) when I joined. I had to sell my car.

I think everyone on a marketplace should be a vendor in one category - cash in the post for bitcoin. It would attract bitcoin traders so you could let them buy $100 in the post, express, signed for, in exchange for bitcoin.

We are always complaining about bitcoin exchanges. Lets miss them out. I don't begrudge giving the market another 4% for acting like localbitcoins.
<TRUE>
------
I feel like targeting is a part of the problem yet not all of it. Additionally the issue of the drug war, combined with racial targeting accounts for a lot of those in jail:

"Crime statistics show that in 1999 in the United States blacks were far more likely to be targeted by law enforcement for drug crimes, and received much stiffer penalties and sentences than whites. A 2013 study by the American Civil Liberties Union determined that a black person in the United States was 3.73 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person, even though both races have similar rates of marijuana use. Iowa had the highest racial disparity of the fifty states. Black people in Iowa were arrested for marijuana possession at a rate 8.4 times higher than white people."

http://www.aclu-ia.org/2013/06/04/iowa-ranks-worst-in-racial-disparities-of-marijuana-arrests/
<TRUE>
------
to your first point, illegalisation of cannabis actually adversley affects black people more because they are disproportionately arrested for its possesion compared to white people. 

In fact your whole post is fucking stupid
<TRUE>
------
While I agree with you in principle, as long as there are very real racialized outcomes in our society, we have to confront these issues. 

F'r instance: blacks and whites report smoking marijuana at roughly equal levels, but black men are several times more likely than white men to be arrested for possession. Either the white men aren't getting stopped or they aren't getting charged, and either way, that is... Peculiar, wouldn't you say?

We are living with the long term legacy of active segregation. The Peyton Road Incident happened fifty years ago. Your grandparents almost certainly remember that era, and possibly even your parents (given the statistical default Reddit user, of course).  It's naive to say that fifty years without explicit legal discrimination is enough to undo a century of Jim Crow, you know?
------
My perspective comes from that of an educator. I gave a student a zero for using their phone to look up something on a test. Fast forward to that kid's SST meeting and we get the real picture of this kid's parents. They called all his teachers racist because we wouldn't let him cheat on tests, leave class when he felt like it, show up late without us marking him late, or let him shout across the room at will. They told us *to our faces* in a room of 15 people they taught him to disrespect white people.

Now, I have no idea why they did, but they deliberately raised a young man to disrespect an entire group. He was raised without a moral compass that you, I, and most others would consider reasonable. 

Having gone through that (and a few other mind numbingly dumb things), it only strengthens my resolve to give these kids the benefit of the doubt and work to making their futures a brighter place. 

&gt;Yes, it's difficult to have a decent home life when your parents and/or guardians and/or siblings are under the control of the justice system. Mandatory minimum sentencing laws for drug crimes (which apply disproportionately to people of color, btw) keep families and communities separated for years at a time. Oh, and the three strikes rule? Yeah, you can get life in prison for selling marijuana on three separate occasions. Or, you know what? You can get all three strikes at the same time if you get charged with three different crimes. Bye!

That's spot on, but it still confuses me. If I felt something was morally right (like using drugs), but it was illegal (like using and selling drugs) I wouldn't do it. I would politically organize to make it legal. Don't pretend like those locked up for drug crimes didn't know what they were doing was illegal. 

Yes, the penalties are outrageous and the "War on Drugs" was designed to target blacks, but part of the problem is the mentality of the black community. When someone gets arrested for selling drugs, it's always, "damned racist officer and law", rather than, "why did you knowingly stand on the street corner and commit a felony in broad daylight?". If the community got it's collective (and proverbial) weight behind the illegal sales of drugs *or* for the legal use of drugs, this problem could have been solved decades ago. Instead, we saw a collective effort to do nothing but demonize the law, and the law enforcement officials that carry out orders of the law. This does NOTHING but feed the cycle of violence and incarceration. 

&gt;Lack of opportunities outside school? Agreed, it's difficult to get a job when you're on parole or probation and have to check that box on the job application. There are ~7 million people in the US (most of who are non-white) currently in jail, on parole, or on probation, and while that's not the entire population of black Americans, the percentage of black men who are currently somewhere in the justice system is near 80% in many US cities. Where are the opportunities for these felons who are often unable to work, seek public housing, vote, etc.?

Agreed on this point as well. 
------
Again these are very vague solutions though, although I agree some social approaches could help this problem (although I must emphasize again how important self responsibility is). 

"Better help systems", "better understanding", etc. Aren't solutions exactly. Here is my opinion, that should be pretty conservative cost wise:

1. Legalize drugs, get people out of prisons for drug use (and maybe selling drugs?) 

2. Use the money we would save from cutting back on prisons to support more mental health institutions and research (one of the primary influences in illegal drug use)

3. We need to figure out why there are so many single moms. This is largely a cultural issue (black families suffer from this more than say, whites or Asians), but it is known that single parent kids are at a much higher risk. I think this really is largely a family problem.

4. Get our facts straight in schools, we need to stop lumping all drugs together as equally evil. This would be one step in removing the taboo from marijuana. Most kids are going to be interested in weed at least once, and while it isn't necessarily a gateway drug, it also kind of is. This is because when people meet drug dealers who have weed, they are far more likely to be around people who also deal in meth, cocaine, etc. We need to make the drugs kids are going to use safer to get, and reduce their interaction with people who deal serious drugs as much as possible. (Might be more controversial, but if I'm wrong here just let me know why).

I think this is a better direction than where we are going, and shouldn't lead to billions of dollars of spending, if anything we could save quite a bit just by legalizing them. It is easy to say this is caused by society, but that doesn't really mean anything. It is a cultural issue, for sure, but Americans simply have very poor self responsibility. We overeat, over smoke, over drink, under exercise, among other problems. I don't know that we can fix this problem to any meaningful degree, honestly.
<TRUE>
------
&gt; Foster care is NOT the only solution that CPS provides. 

No, it's not.

&gt; They work with parents to ensure the kids are being fed properly, bathed properly, given adequate sleeping conditions, etc. 

That's all they should be allowed to do.

You can believe what you want, but it's not just an "inconvenience" when someone calls CPS on you. It's traumatizing for the parents and the children involved, especially if they're removed from the home or from school without any explanation. And it's not an "inconvenience" when children are removed from their parents for BS reasons, like being LGBT, a marijuana smoker, etc. It does the child more harm than good most of the time.

&gt; The link you provided has nothing to do with medical marijuana patients. 

I pasted the wrong URL. It's fixed.

&gt; I don't care how low the percentage is, the number is far more important than the percentage, and the number is almost half a million kids.

I care that the system has next to no oversight and innocent parents can have their children traumatized and potentially removed for BS reasons and the kids that are removed go into a system that also has next to no oversight where kids end up in jail, pregnant, shuffled around from house to house like basketballs, or homeless as a result.

<TRUE>
------
No fear of recourse also means that they can do things that piss politicians off and get away with it.

It's sort of like jury nullification. We love it when it's about cannabis, but hate it when it's used to get white men off for lynching black men.
<TRUE>
------
You are mistaken on multiple points. 

"...the only way for them to learn..."

People learning is irrelevant to society, it is their actions that matter. It makes no difference if an employee isn't doing heroin because he has weighed the positives/negatives of doing the drug and decided against it, or if he isn't because he's afraid of getting arrested/has no connections to drug dealers/etc. 

"A ticket won't stop their stupidity"

That's just blatantly wrong. In the early 1980's, before seatbelt laws, less than 20% of people wore seatbelts. In the 90s, around 60% of people wore seatbelts. Now almost 90% of people wear seatbelts. I grew up in the 90's, and nearly every adult I knew didn't wear seatbelts at the time, and only started to once they started receiving tickets for it. Now (with one exception) not a single drives without a seatbelt on. 

"Same goes for drugs"

Why yes, yes it does. You are wrong on both accounts.

"...we have people legally killing themselves with taxable drugs like..."

Sure we do. Quite irrelevant though, as I'm sure nearly everyone will agree that's something we should be trying to prevent.

"...caffeine and so on"

Huh?

"Our society encourages the use of dangerous drugs..."

Now you are just speaking nonsense. Alcohol is the only 'dangerous' 'drug' that is encouraged by society. And alcohol is entirely fine for you unless taken in excessive amounts.

"psychedelics are illegal and supposedly dangerous, simply because it doesn't benefit the rich fucks in office"

It's not just for the 'rich fucks', but society as a whole. I don't think you understand the drawbacks of an entire nation doing drugs. Do some research, this isn't theoretical, this has already happened. 

"It's best to educate and free than restrict and misinform"

Best for whom? And how? If I was in a position where I needed to convince the masses that they should spend more than half their waking life doing a repetitive task for the benefit of society, I wouldn't give them cannabis/lsd/etc.

Edit: Fixed spacing
<TRUE>
------
[Here's a little more of an inside view of cannabis employment.](http://www.thcmag.com/want-weed-biz/) Please don't move to Colorado or Washington or anywhere else thinking you're going to start a stable career and work your way up to a leadership position pulling this kind of salary. There's actually a glut of homeless people in Denver who thought exactly this. If you're truly passionate about marijuana, work to get a legal market established where you are, then you can be one of the first to capitalize on it. If you want a job in the marijuana industry just because you like weed and it's all you can think to do, you should probably broaden your interests   
<TRUE>
------
Lots more than just timber industry.  Textile, pharmaceutical are 2 other major industries that actively lobbied and continue to lobby against it.  

Hemp/cannabis has more uses than any other naturally occurring compound known to man.  It's strong, light, cheap, and extremely versatile.  It has uses across the board from medicinal, commercial, and industrial.  And has very few adverse environmental or health affects.

But the government thinks corporate profits are more important than common sense.  Maybe they're right, if the rich don't keep getting richer the world will probably end.  Man what was I thinking!?
<TRUE>
------
I'm sorry, but it seems WA has been on a roll with silly laws this year...

Plus, the name (definition?) of this bill is fucking stupidly misleading:

&gt;Concerning youth substance use prevention associated with tobacco and drug delivery e-cigarettes and vapor products.

In case you guys didn't read up on it please consider this stupid amendment on the bill while it was proceeding:

1645-S AMH COG OSBO 124

&gt;EFFECT: Deletes provisions requiring that the Liquor Control
Board and the Department of Health conduct a vapor product health
and safety study for the purpose of developing labeling and
advertising rules for vapor products. 

Removes the requirement to conduct a health and safety study... interesting.

&gt;and by 2017, their sales margins are predicted to
12 surpass cigarettes

Heh, looky that, the state's worried about it's tobacco tax line... better create new taxes!

&gt;and the equipment used may be sold and used
20 interchangeably for marijuana and nicotine.

I'm laughing my ass off. Dear /u/CloudAlchemist, where can I find the listings for your THC mg juices? Or do you think I'd be better off buying marijuana in bulk off Amazon for DIY juice?

&gt;Current law in Washington prohibits the sale of vapor products containing nicotine to minors,
 but given the availability of vapor products online and equipment
 sold separately at retail stores, this law is difficult to enforce.

Then I'll say what I always say... It's probably a stupid law. 

&gt;Most vapor products contain nicotine, a fast-acting drug that
the United States surgeon general has found to be as addictive as
cocaine and heroin.

As someone who once had a bit of an... *extended relationship* with one of the above, I'll argue not. Smoking is quite different and has proven much more difficult to quit even with the assistance of vaping. Weird... you'd think I'd be fine and addicted to vaping then no?

&gt;For young people in particular, vapor products
 may act as a gateway to cigarettes or other combustible tobacco
 products, which are the leading cause of preventable disease,
 disability, and death.

I'm going to disagree and say that an improper diet and lack of exercise are the leading causes of preventable D^3

&gt;While the health impacts of vapor products are still being
 studied, studies have found that many vapor products contain
 carcinogens and toxic chemicals, including cadmium, formaldehyde, and
 lead.

? Yea, I'd love a link for that research. Considering lead and cadmium are elements... they'd have to already be present somehow. Unless people are friggin vaping the fumes off NiCads or SLAs... And in case anyone was wondering, "Manufacture of formaldehyde (as formalin) is done by oxidation of methanol" - yea, so unless we're putting methanol in our juices...

&gt;There is no scientific evidence that vapor products are an
effective long-term smoking cessation aid.

But but... YOU'D HAVE TO LET IT EXIST FOR A LONG TIME TO HAVE A HISTORICAL RECORD... But that's okay guys, just take some Chantix and get off the merry-go-round sooner!

&gt;Vapor products are largely unregulated today. Because of
 federal inaction, consumers do not have access to information about
 the contents of the vapor products they use, including the
 concentration of nicotine and other potentially harmful chemicals.

Blame the feds (nice). Also, /u/CloudAlchemist, you'd tell us what was in there right? And I mean, I guess those mg ratings aren't what we thought they were according to the lawmakers...

&gt;In
addition, e-cigarettes may renormalize smoking behavior and serve as
a reinitiation to smoking by former smokers.

They may also inadvertently serve as an anal probe, ignition source to a fire, or large metal device used to fend off an attacker. *May* is a very ambiguous word.

&gt;E-cigarette advertisements use celebrities

... ... ? Ohhh *ooohhhhh* you mean like Blu and those other fucking shitt-e-cigarettes from the major Tobacco companies? Yea, but anyone who tries their shit is just gonna go back to smoking anyways because *they're so fucking disgusting*.

&gt;The low cost of e-cigarettes and nicotine liquids for vapor
products, particularly compared to cigarettes, is a key factor in
youth access and use. 

Something something boo-fucking-hoo *MAH TAXESS WAAHHHHH*. FWIW, I once bought cigarettes off the Camel guy in a questionably grey situation. They were $1.35/pack because "Well that's what I sell em to the store for, I don't collect taxes". Take the taxes out of the equation, and the states cost comparison argument goes away.

Actually, this point fucking irritates me so much. Because rather than the state EDUCATE, they'd rather REGULATE and line their pockets. From an article I read earlier today in regards to the tax situation in general: " They are supposed to be paid from a revenue stream from smokers (***disproportionately low-income and low-information people***), so they will urge regulations that discourage e-cigarettes."

&gt;requirement that school district personnel enforce the prohibition.

I'm singling this one line out because of one word: Prohibition. PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DO WHAT PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DO. But fuck it, make more victimless crimes so there's yet another way to potentially fuck up your future for something silly and insignificant.

/Endrant

Eh, all 51.5 pages were friggin stupid. The legislature in general seems disillusioned and power tripping at best. I'm not a fan of regulation. I believe that properly educated and informed, society will find it's own harmonic balance. Ok I think/hope it's been long enough I can comment again in this sub... but hey, this was fun!
<TRUE>
------
If indeed there are no or few alternatives then there is a problem.

&gt; Freedom works fine until it actively harms the equal rights of others.

That's a very revealing statement. I think just about everyone values liberty and stopping suffering and equality but with different levels of intensity. So, when there's a conflict, people fall into different groups of what value they think should reign supreme.

I think what your statement reveals is that your moral compass subordinates freedom to other values. Mine would work the opposite way. I would say something like:

&gt; We should strive for equality but not at the cost of freedom of conscience.

I don't have a direct point to make since moral feelings are subjective. I guess just be aware.

&gt; Businesses gained the right to deny service to anyone for any reason, using it to deny access to "coloreds".

This, on the other hand, is factually incorrect. Businessmen *lost* the right to serve blacks. The did *not gain* the right to not serve them. Businessmen had been serving blacks since Reconstruction.

If you take a critical eye to history, you'll notice that the segregated services were almost entirely provided by government: city buses, public schools, polling places, courthouses. These were domains where the racist majority, through democracy, could exercise their power. Private citizens could associate with whomever they wanted and often did, including whites associating with blacks. The Jim Crow laws were invasions of the public sphere into the private sphere in order to institute racism.

&gt; then you are giving an unequal service for no objective reason other than your personal views

Yes, I agree, but I don't find it objectionable. In fact, I find the opposite objectionable: that you shouldn't be allowed to have personal views. I don't like thought crime. I may not like your views or how you choose to live your life but I'm not going to kill you or imprison you or fine you for them. Liberals fining a guy for not liking gays is just as bad as conservatives fining a guy for smoking marijuana. How about people just mind their own business.

&gt; The only exception should ever be a private club-style business that has a membership separate from public access.

Again, mind your own business. If you think that too many people on the street are bigots then open your own non-bigoted establishment. If they throw bricks through your window then I'm willing to help you but right now you're throwing bricks through their windows.
<TRUE>
------
Think about why this topic is coming up again. Roe v. Wade was decided forty years ago, is a non-issue, and is just being trotted out again in time to work people up prior to the election so we're distracted from actual issues. And if abortion were banned, wouldn't it disproportionately affect marginalized peoples, perpetuating racism? Milwaukee was named the most segregated city in the country back in 2010, so it's not like we've actually addressed the issue.

Here's a [quote](http://www.thenation.com/article/170841/exclusive-lee-atwaters-infamous-1981-interview-southern-strategy) from Lee Atwater — the GOP campaign strategist for Bush and Reagan — on getting the racists' votes; pointed out by [basilarchia](http://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/35eq9l/chomsky_breaks_down_reagans_racism/cr3uyu1):

&gt;You start out in 1954 by saying, "Nigger, nigger, nigger." By 1968 you can’t say "nigger" — that hurts you, backfires. So you say stuff like, uh, forced busing, states’ rights, and all that stuff, and you’re getting so abstract. Now, you’re talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you’re talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is, blacks get hurt worse than whites… "We want to cut this," is much more abstract than even the busing thing, uh, and a hell of a lot more abstract than "Nigger, nigger."

I tend to think this serves a few purposes including pandering to a particular voting segment and distracting another, but who'd have an easier time having children at any given time in their lives? Those with or without all the advantages? In light of this, we should be calling Walker a racist to his face, forcing this sort of thing to backfire on him.

And when are we going to call bullshit and force candidates to address actual problems? Anyone have an issue they're terribly interested in that doesn't get any attention whatsoever? I'd trip over myself to see candidates discuss alternatives to (neoliberal) capitalism, how capitalism in general relates to neocolonialism and imperialism, structural deficiencies in our voting system, endogenic corruption — anything but guns, abortion, "job creation", immigration, marijuana, gay marriage, etc. It's all been beaten to death and most of it barely fucking matters in the scheme of things.

Is anyone else paying attention here? Does anyone else realize how stupid politicians think we are? Is anyone willing to at least mention to their friends how moronic it is to keep talking about the small stuff? And all of this is when we should be *considering* — at the very minimum — rioting in the streets (targeting specific locations) over austerity cuts rather than peacefully protesting, which Walker just ignores. And lest we just blame Walker, Obama is doing this on a global scale.

Seriously, think about that. In the middle of the Great Depression when there was no money available, FDR created social security, unemployment benefits, literally millions of jobs, etc. He passed a 94% (proposed 100%) income tax above $350,000 to pay for it and he doesn't even fall onto the left political spectrum. What did Obama do? Austerity is worse than nothing. How far right are we gonna go? We've been privatizing profits and socializing debts on an ever-increasing scale since the late sixties at least. I refuse to vote for a Democrat again when we've got neoliberal neoconservative imperialists like Hilary running. Obama is no better and fooled me; she'll be the same. And Sanders is only very slightly better. We can do better than the free market/trade bullshit and we can do better than letting profits (capitalism) make our decision for us. In the meantime, let's change our state motto to "Backward" so we don't forget how we let stupid bastards like Obama and Walker run our society.
<TRUE>
------
1) A *lot* of money has been wasted on seizing marijuana. It's not just that it's illegal, it's enforced and it's expensive to do so. On top of that, it is a non-violent crime. A lot of things that are illegal are so because they harm others. Driving drunk, assault, theft etc. These negatively affect others and are therefore illegal. Someone smoking weed is not going to harm anybody, and science shows that it has little negative effect on one's self.

2) The social/racial ramifications. It's not just enforced, it's primarily enforced in poorer neighborhoods or neighborhoods with more minorities. Police see them as easy targets with little recourse. According to various public health departments (Department of Health, and Center for Disease Control are the big ones here) the use of drugs is not significantly different between races. Black people are slightly more likely to use weed, but white people are more likely to use cocaine, and there's other cultural differences like that but overall it's the same. And yet there are some 3 to 4 times as many blacks in prison for marijuana vs whites.

3) Marijuana used to be legal a long time ago and only became illegal because of other industries and some racism to back it up. Hemp is a very versatile plant and hemp byproducts can be effectively used in a variety of ways. This was seen as a threat to competing industries. One of the ways the government sold this narrative was that it was a dangerous plant that would make blacks rape whites. Obviously it's all horseshit, but Americans have been constantly spoonfed very damaging and warped information for a very long time. Much of the older generations believed this, but recently there's been backlash to that narrative.

4) The enforcement of marijuana is also seen as driving the private prison industry. There are multiple private prisons, who bribe politicians, that profit millions by getting more prisoners. It's thought that by keeping marijuana illegal, the private prisons benefit hugely and in return politicians get to keep a cut of that.

5) People like to smoke weed. It's illegal. People want the things they like to be legal so they can keep doing it. This is actually the biggest reason it's so big on reddit, but outside of here, even all the people who don't smoke (such as myself) want it legalized for the reasons above
<TRUE>
------
this demographic map is sort of interesting - of Seattle. It shows that working class people smoke, but are much less likely to use marijuana. Binge drinking was highest in wealthy areas which are 'old money' like Queen Ann and Magnolia, but less so in the tech areas near Microsoft  http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/data/bad-decisions-and-unhealthy-choices-a-map-of-king-county/
<TRUE>
------
Well yeah in movies involving parties, or drug cartels, or comedies, you'll see it. But I'm talking everything man. Fucking action movies where where there's guys looking stoned as fuck holding a bong while everyone gets shot at. 

You know those movies that hold conferences and all that in hotels and they always end up drinking? Replace it with a joint show me how that develops.

Things like that you know? I know marijuana is already represented in movies and tv but the users in it are usually the partiers pr the poor people or whatever, what about those privileged people that you never see do it in those movies? There's gonna be plenty smoking pot once legalization has really spread. I wanna see how that's portrayed. Because they can't portray a main character who casually smokes pot every once in a while as a bad guy for doing so. Damn Hollywood should start making movies as usual with the one twist that in all movies weed is legal. See all these functioning members of society using the drug and bam we got propaganda widespread that weed is good, (which in many ways it is).
<TRUE>
------
http://www.ontheissues.org/senate/Rand_Paul.htm

Cut corporate tax in half to create millions of jobs. (Feb 2013)

Punishing the rich means the poor lose their jobs. (Aug 2012)

Favors legalizing medical marijuana. (May 2010)

Don't promote marijuana but don't jail non-violent criminals. (Mar 2013)

As only democracy in Mideast, Israel is important ally. (Feb 2011)

Extending unemployment benefits does disservice to workers. (Dec 2013)

I am a Christian but not always a good one. (Sep 2012)

Yup. Im not voting for him either.
<TRUE>
------
&gt; I understand not wanting to rock the boat and risk your jobs with benefits

Cool, so you understand officers are just people doing a job right?  That's a good start.

&gt; but if police officers put more of a push to end the War on Drugs

Going to stop you right there.  Officers don't have the influence that you think they do.  In addition, officers frequently are the most directly exposed to the consequences of drug use, and that hardly gives them an incentive to change the level of enforcement.  Many officers are in favor of relaxing restrictions on marijuana, very few favor relaxing restrictions on harder drugs.

&gt; stop the policy of shoring up city budgets with BS citations

I know Reddit thinks this is common, but it's really not.  Most departments get a few percent of each ticket and even that is commonly filtered through some sort of general fund.  Most fines go to the courts directly, and never get seen or touched by the police department.  There are a few exceptions usually in very small rural departments, but they're exceptions, not the rule.

&gt; Cops chasing down muggers and looking into murders is great. Cops feeding the corrupt private prison system over tiny pot busts and trapping poor people in a cycle of citation debt they can never repay... that makes you look like horrible people. 

Police have very little control over either prisons or sentencing guidelines.  

&gt; Also, maybe stop accepting tanks and armor from Homeland Security. It's not exactly helping the image problem.

And this is where I stopped listening, because, really?  Tanks?

Police departments have accepted armored trucks from the military, because it's just plain cheaper than buying civilian models.  Not tanks.  I sincerely doubt the DOD would ever approve the sale of a tank to a police department besides that non-functional museum piece Sheriff Arpaio has.

You know who can buy tanks from the DOD, as well as all the armored trucks?  I can, as a civilian.  That's right, I have more access to military equipment than the police.  They get a discount, but I get better access, especially now that humvees are not police only.
<TRUE>
------
I typed this out once but I hit something on my keyboard and it disappeared. I'd like to tell my story so I'm typing it again. Very long story. TL;DR is that I was in a homeless shelter and took advantage of their help. Still struggling ten years later. Here's the story if you're interested:

   My family and I became homeless in 2004 when we lost our house to foreclosure. My husband and I both lost our jobs the previous year when our respective places of employment closed their doors. It was my husband, myself, and our three children, and I was pregnant with the fourth at the time. We were able to stay with a friend for a few months, four adults and 7 children in a four bedroom apartment. She could have lost her lease for letting us stay there, and I am grateful to her for putting herself at risk. We eventually had a falling out, and we were asked to leave.

   My husband had just started a job at the time, and his boss was kind enough to pay him daily for a while, so we were able to get a hotel room. We paid by the day, and I would spend my day at the library or at a park with the kids, trying to stay out of the heat. (July in Florida) The first day I did this I tried to panhandle for some extra money for food, but the police stopped and asked what I was doing and if we had somewhere to go. I told them I was getting a hotel and never tried that again. 

We had a car that was having engine trouble, so I spent one day, 7 months pregnant , removing an alternator and carrying it walking to an auto parts store to get it replaced. That night, after yet another problem with the car, I begged the hotel people to let us stay in a room that was smaller than they allowed for five people, explaining our situation. Someone, somehow, heard of this and paid for two nights in the hotel and gave us $100 cash in an envelope. The staff was instructed not to tell us who paid, and we still do not know. 

Our car was on it's last legs. I was able to patch things up with my friend, and we moved back to her apartment. A few months later, Hurricane Charley moved through, and we were asked to stay with my husband's sister, who lived by herself in a four bedroom house. She worked at a hospital, and wanted us there to watch her house while she worked through the hurricane. She knew we were homeless, and had refused us when we had asked to stay with her originally to get on our feet. We stayed for a week or two, then went back to my friend's house. A few more hurricanes came our way that season, and my son was born during one of them. 

   The hospital sent CPS to my friend's apartment to do an investigation, due to my lack of prenatal care, and my admission to smoking cannabis once a week or two before my labor to relieve my stress. The hospital lied to me and said that the baby had tested positive for THC. (When the Sheriff's office called later to follow up, they told me the truth, that I had tested positive but not the baby. They closed the investigation and we moved on with no further consequences.) I nearly wasn't allowed to bring the baby home with me, but they relented and let me go. Since it was during an active hurricane, vehicles were not allowed on the road, so my husband and friend were not allowed to drive to get me. The hospital needed my room, I had no insurance, so I was offered the choice of sitting in the lobby with my 2 day old child, or being driven home in a cab. (which technically should not have been on the road either). I took the cab.

   A few months later, the stress of a newborn in an already overcrowded apartment took it's toll, and we were again asked to leave my friend's place. We contacted my sister-in-law, and she drove me to the homeless shelter, where I explained my situation and begged for help. They had just had a family move out that day, and I was able to secure the room. We had called several shelters, but this was one of the few that would allow our family to stay together; most would allow me and the children, but not my husband. (A lot of women in shelters are abused. Men are not allowed at the same shelter a lot of the time. My oldest son, 11 at the time, was too old for some shelters to accept with me and the younger children) We were six people in a room the size of a dorm room. It had two sets of bunk beds, a portable playpen, a small desk with a tv, and a shelf for our things. The bathroom was down the hall. We stayed for 11 months in this room. 

   After this, we were able to get into a small, two bedroom apartment on the shelter property. I got a job waiting tables, and my husband began a program to get his GED and then his certificate in 3D Multimedia Production, a skill he had been teaching himself for years. We paid a small rent to the shelter, and a portion of our electric bill. We also gave the shelter most of my income to put into a savings, which would be returned to us when we left. After my husband completed the program, he was able to get an internship and a job at a local TV station. We took advantage of another program the shelter offered, and got an apartment where the shelter agreed to pay a portion of our rent for the first few months. We still live in this same apartment.

   Unfortunately, my husband got laid off shortly after we moved. He is an artist and a graphic designer, but has been unable to find work for many years. I have moved from a server to a cook in the same restaurant, and have struggled to keep the roof over our heads for the last 7 years. It's tough, and the thought of going back to the shelter looms over me often. So many people see homelessness as a problem resulting from drug addiction, or alcoholism, or mental illness, or sheer laziness. But the truth is there are more and more families that are working and still face homelessness and hunger every single day. In my children's current school, a majority of the children are homeless or near it. They have all sorts of food and clothing programs that I have survived on all these years. I manage to keep us in our apartment, but this is only with understanding landlords and help from community programs. So many families these days are a small emergency away from being homeless. 


   Not sure how to end this, so I'll just say that if you've read this far, I thank you. If you take anything from it, I thank you even more.
------
I was unaware too. I guess biochemistry has misled me in my studies. I'll bring this to my (PhD having) animal physiology professor to let him know that the opioid system has NO effect on the release of NE with regard to the PNS. He's gonna be confused because there's sizable literature, but goddamnit I'm gonna stand up to him and tell him that the MOTHERFUCKING KING "thepillbill" has spoken. His words will be forever taught to upperclassmen and graduate students alike.

I guess I shouldn't expect much from him. Considering his comment about just taking a tolerance break, it is very clear that he has no prior experience with real physical addiction. These fake ass junkies are normal in my area (the southeast). They are these white kids who drive shitty civics and speak as if they are "hard" and "from the backwoods." They spend mommy's money on hard drugs like marijuana and hydrocodone (if they can find it from someone like me). It's a fucking joke. They get excited when they "score" 3 hydrocodone 5/500s. He needs to get a fucking life. He has the worst fucking grammar I've ever seen in my entire life, too. I am doing size able amounts of fentanyl tonight and using my phone, and his posts still look like shit to me.

A gem from this fine fellow:
"There's a difference between niggers and black peoppe . muxhbsimilar to the difference between white trash and white people..." -thepillbill 
<TRUE>
------
I will preface this by saying I'm a hardcore Bernie supporter and will be out there with you. 

It's unfortunate but in life you often have to play the game if you want to win. Sometimes you have no realistic chance of winning unless you A) play ball like Hillary or B) risk it all on us like Bernie, but either way playing ball puts one in a position most likely to win.

It's worth noting that, for Hillary in particular, while she is more centrist/centrist-right on economic/international issues (which I imagine was for helping climb the power ladder) she is quite liberal on social issues. As someone else put it:

&gt;She's different on gay rights, drug policy, incarceration, abortion, women's rights, religion, health care policy, privatization of Social Security, school vouchers, gun rights, taxation of the wealthy, expansion of the military, prioritization of renewable energy, and marijuana legalization. The anti-Hillary hyperbole in this thread is unreal, and that's coming from a Bernie supporter.

[Very different](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2pwhvt/the_differences_between_the_democratic_party_and/) from a Republican. I'm voting for Sanders too, but will be giving all of my support to Hillary if he doesn't win. The anti-Hillary rhetoric is being heavily promoted by the right because they know she's capable of defeating them (I think Sanders can pull it off too, but of course the Republicans are focused on destroying Hillary right now as she's the current larger threat and they detest her because she's *not* like them; perpetuating the myth she is designed to encourage liberal voter apathy).

As you know the next party in the White House gets to nominate potentially up to three new Supreme Court judges, and forfeiting the White House to the GOP not only puts us at risk of a far right-wing super majority but also puts us at risk of a 80% skewed conservative/liberal Supreme Court. That would be absolutely disastrous and rulings that Republicans fight for like Citizens United (the ability for the rich to essentially buy elections) would pass with no opposition. The liberal/dem judges currently in office are the only ones who fought it.
<TRUE>
------
Sounds like you have the right attitude and that your priorities are in the right place.

/r/daddit and /r/trees dad weighing in: Quitting smokin' is very do-able, and should be done now in your case.  Here's why: 

* **Legal reasons**  Until your state follows mine (WA), it's illegal and can cause you big trouble.  Sure, when you were single and carefree, it didn't matter too much, because you were only responsible for yourself.  Reading your post, it's pretty obvious that you already feel the weight of responsibility for these two other humans, so you understand this reasoning.  And this is a good thing!

* **Getting over it now**  If you're a heavy user like I was, you'll be irritable (and frankly, irritating!), frustrated, and just in general kind of cranky for a few weeks as your brain/body sort themselves out.  Cannabis is awesome, but heavy usage does change your brain's biochemistry, and it will take a little bit of time to get used to.  And, quite frankly, if you've been dealing with anxiety and other unwanted feelings by getting high, you'll need to learn how to deal with those feelings like a big boy.  It's not easy, believe me.  But it's totally do-able!

* **Getting clean for a job search**  You mentioned the pressure to get a "real job"; many of those will require drug tests.  If you're going for a "real job" that requires hair drug tests, the test is for the last 3 months, and even a UA can detect cannabis usage from 28+ days.  

* **Saving money** Reading between the lines, you and your fiancee come from well-off families, so this one might not matter as much in your particular case.  But cannabis can be expensive, if you like smoking the sticky-icky, especially in your part of the world where it's slightly harder to come-by.  Regardless of the price, consuming it multiple times daily, on the daily, adds up.  That's a lot of potential diapers and baby-food you're smokin', champ!  :-)

* **Keeping mama happy**  It may be that your fiancee is a little peeved that she "had to" stop smoking due to the pregnancy, but you're still getting to do it.  Or it may be that she has just changed her opinion of it now that she's a mother.  I've heard that the way it usually goes is women feel maternal when they first feel the baby move inside them, and men get paternal when they actually see the baby for the first time outside of the womb.  *That's not always the case: my wife and I suffered a miscarriage with our first (and unplanned) pregnancy and were both incredibly heartbroken, and then thrilled when we got her pregnant again a month later.*

* **Staying motivated, eyes on the prize, etc.**  I found myself abusing cannabis, rather than just using it, and found it limited my motivations to make all the positive changes in myself and the world that I deeply desire to make.  A lot of people seem to be able to be very productive while smokin', and more power to them.  I couldn't; some others can't.  Becoming a parent is life-changing, literally, and can turn a slacker into one motivated motherfucker.  Don't let cannabis sap that from you!

So, a few bits of advice on what to do instead: 

* **Hit the gym**  I don't know if you already work out (Do you even lift, bruh?), but exercising will give you a nice brain-chemistry boost naturally, dopamines and serotonins, that will help your itchy brain chillax.

* **Find a productive hobby**  By productive, I mean something that adds value to your life.  Write.  Paint.  Play music (not listen-to!  Play!!).  Start playing a sport.  Garden (Calm down buddy, we're quitting the 'erb, you remember?!).  *In my case, I realized I'm an entrepreneur, and so spend my free time learning/studying/planning/doing how to launch my own startup.*

* **Cook, or learn to cook**  Cannabis leads to fast food, or quick and often unhealthy food.  Stereotype, sure, but stereotypes are based in reality.  Fat guy used to the drive-thru, weighing in (Get it?!).  Cooking is healthier, cheaper, and takes some time.  Cooking together can be a great bonding experience for you and your lady, or a super-sweet thing to do for her while she puts her swollen ankles up and relaxes on the couch watching Netflix.  

* **Learn something new**  Think about all the time you spent smoking and high.  Great times, sure, and you no doubt had a lot of great conversations or crazy thought tangents that were amazing.  I know I did!  Now imagine that you spent that much time learning something(s) new!  Contrary to popular belief, [it only takes 20 hours to learn a new skill](http://www.forbes.com/sites/danschawbel/2013/05/30/josh-kaufman-it-takes-20-hours-not-10000-hours-to-learn-a-skill/), not 10,000.  Make yourself a better person, and you'll become a better husband and father as well.

* **Spend time with your baby**  They grow up so fast, dude.  It seems like only yesterday we were spending our 30-something-th hour at the hospital, waiting for our little guy.  Now he's almost 21 months, and he is SOOOO much bigger, smarter, awful (he's precociously into his Terrible Twos already), amazing, mobile, loving, and everything else.  And I know from other parents that this telescoping nature of time only seems to accelerate.  I mean, think about it like this: how long did 1st grade seem to take?  And how fast did your senior year of high school go?  So put that time you would have spent getting high and playing CoD (or whatever, I dunno, last console I owned was N64) to good use!  Time really does seem to fly by the older we get, so enjoy every second you can with your little dude! 

Okay, I've procrastinated doing work for long enough now; I hope this helped!  PM me if you have any desire to, or need perspective or understanding as you work through this transitional time.  And remember to focus on taking care of your mama bear, and y'alls cub, because it's always easy (and perfectly natural!) to focus on ourselves, but a good papa bear has to look out for his family, too!  Love them with all your heart, and the rest will follow.

Good luck!
<TRUE>
------
I'll try to make the long story short. A little background knowledge, I got to school in a different country and my family is not all that well-off and I'm 19. was with six friends getting high out by a parking lot (shady, yes but hey we're teenagers with nothing better to do). Two of the friends went towards where the cars were parked to smoke a cigarette then head home. The four of us still getting high see cops roll up to the first two friends and we run the opposite direction. Well one of us four had brought his car and that was where the other two guys got caught so he had to return. The other two with us kinda just ran away. I don't know why but I actually went back to the police with my friend who left his car. I don't know what I was thinking, I just saw how anguished and scared he was and all I could think is that if I was in his place, even if at least temporarily, I'd feel horrible having to go back alone. So I returned with him. Then the standard happened, got charged for possession of marijuana and paraphernalia (fucking papers). Cost me so much money, time, education, and I had to tell my highly sensitive parents (who thought I was a perfect child) that their straight A, eldest son not only smoked weed but also got caught for it, bringing in so much more trouble into their lives. The pain and confusion I saw on their faces will haunt me forever. Things are much better, but since this happened last summer, I'm still facing repurcussions. 

I'm very bad with stories, so sorry if that was long, there's much more detail but I tried to sum it up as best as possible. 
<TRUE>
------
So.. Leaving trash on the ground is now "Helping the Homeless!"

Then a 6 year old walks by and gets high.  Why are you giving marijuana a bad name?
<TRUE>
------
Poor black man lives next door to poor white man. Poor black man has increased chance to get a job because of quotas/affirmative action.

But simultaneously, poor black man has decreased chance to get a job because employers discriminate against black men. A fact proven time and time again by research.

&gt; Compared to whites, African Americans are twice as likely to be unemployed, and earn nearly 25 percent less when they are employed

or

&gt;After responding to 1,300 ads with more than 5,000 resumes, the researchers found that the job applicants with white names needed to send 10 resumes to get one callback, but the black candidate needed to send 15 for one.

And then of course there is police discrimination.

&gt;Blacks are 3.73 times more likely than whites to be arrested for marijuana.

Which of course leaves them with a felony, making it much harder to get a job.

These are just a few of the reasons for why I believe a poor black person living next-door to a poor white person should be given preferential treatment through affirmative action. I'm glad it is happening, and I hope it continues.

<TRUE>

------
One example would be the fact that surveys show that for marijuana use is roughly the same for black and white people and for 18-25 years olds it's actually higher for white people. The arrest rate on the other hand shows black people are being arrested at 3 or 4 times more than white people depending on the year.
<TRUE>
------
This is a horrible bill.

[&gt;ResponsibleOhio has secured funding from wealthy investors who will then operate the grow sites.](http://www.cleveland.com/open/index.ssf/2015/01/responsibleohio_says_marijuana.html)

It grants a state sponsored monopoly to a group of investors.

I'm all for legal marijuana, but I'm not going to support this crony capitalism, pay to play, way of bringing it to Ohio.
<TRUE>
------
*Then a friend swayed my vote. Legalization wasn’t about whether I loved or hated pot, she said. “This is a race issue. It’s a civil rights issue.” Generations of African-American men sat in prison “because they were caught with a substance that’s less harmful than alcohol,” she said. “You’re a white guy, so you don’t have to worry about it. Others do.”*

What the fuck? How does that sway you? Please enlighten me on how being black in prison for pot and being white in prison for pot are too different things? Please explain how being white and in prison means the person has nothing to worry about but being black its a huge deal. That in itself is racism, and people don't seem to really understand that racism doesn't just go one way. True, a black man is more likely to be imprisoned for pot, but to say that legalization of marijuana is a racial issue is 100% uneducated banter. 

In fact, if you look at half the comments on here, someone says something as simple as "Yes, I agree, its totally racist bullshit" it gets tons of upvotes, then you see someone who actually takes time to look at both sides and says "Although i agree that black people are more likely to be imprisoned for the use, i do not think that legalization represents a racial issue" and they actually support it it somehow gets downvotes. the internet man

and before you downvote saying "omg racist pig" just know that I am an african american and know racism when i see it.
<TRUE>
------
Nothing should just be banned outright, but definitely more regulation and scrutiny is needed. I am of the opinion that if other, safer highs were also legal (e.g. cannabis) then we would see less of this.
<TRUE>
------
Everyone breaks the law. Nobody has gone through life without breaking a single law. If you think you've never broken a law, you are either delusional or lying. The issue isn't "you shouldn't break the law" the issue is that those who get charged with misdemeanors and felonies by in large are those who are in poor neighborhoods, where cops patrol the streets regularly.

Whites and Blacks smoke pot at a very similar rate (per capita wise) yet blacks get charged with pot related felonies at a rate of 4 times that of whites. That isn't a case of "well you shouldn't have broken the law," blacks and whites have broken the law, the issue is that black people, due to societal, cultural, and financial inertia, tend to reside in poor neighborhoods where cops are so get busted for it. That is only the case with marijuana, a crime that occurred at a rate of 1 in 3 in America (i.e. 1 in 3 people have smoked pot at least once). What do you think would happen with something even more ubiquitous like jaywalking, not wearing your seat-belt, or speeding?
------
Excellent comment. I don't think people really understand how, as much as most of us who *don't* need it would like to have an extra $2400 per month free, the people who *do* need this TEMPORARY assistance are not remotely living like we would if we had our middle-class incomes + an extra $2400. (There is no such thing as permanent welfare in the USA, the T in TANF is for *temporary* for a reason.)

There are many reasons that TANF is a good deal for society:

* Reduces homelessness of families with underage children, which is an extremely high-cost social problem for numerous reasons
* A family scraping by in a Section 8 apartment is lower-cost to the system than even one family member ending up in prison - which often happens due to the inherent traumas of homelessness creating mental illness, and the prison system is now the largest mental healthcare provider in the US...
* Temporary support to make the parents' address stable keeps the kids' address stable, keeping the kids in one school, reducing truancy, lowering dropout rates, and offering low-income children the potential opportunity to end up better off than their parents were; families that move around from motel to motel due to poverty rarely have kids consistently in one school.
* Reduces need-based crime such as shoplifting, prostitution, mugging, and reselling of stolen goods; these are not very profitable crimes, especially in poor neighborhoods, and as such are not an option most people will choose over scraping by with a combination of TANF and a side business like painting nails
* A stable address means the possibility of a stable health care provider, reducing the burden on emergency care facilities by encouraging people to get routine healthcare when they need it, rather than using the ER as their primary care physician
* Most families suffering extreme poverty in the US are suffering *intergenerational* extreme poverty--they simple do not HAVE a safety net besides governmental support. There is nobody in their family who *can* help them.
* Adequate food and shelter are the best preventives for addiction, which has a notoriously high social cost.
* Infant and child mortality rates are reduced by family stability and availability of food.
* Accepting TANF requires families to submit to frequent interviews, caseworker visits, health screenings for the kids, and other services that can spot burgeoning problems before they become severe and higher-cost.
* The US needs people. High-income nations such as Japan and most of Europe are seeing falling birthrates, which leads to massive, costly crises such as not having enough young people to care for a bubble of senior citizens who are aging with the expectation of a long life with adequate medical care. It'll be a nasty shock if you get to be 75 and need a home nurse and none is available because there are more septuagenarians than young people, no? 
* Higher-birthrate populations (income and birthrate have an inverse correlation) are effectively subsidizing the quality-of-life of lower-birthrate populations by producing bodies to work in the supports and services industries that higher-income people rely on for their comfort. 
* And, frankly, we're the richest nation in the world and it is an absolute national shame that we have money to waste on incarcerating people who sold marijuana to consenting adults, but people still resent food stamps for families with children. (OK, that's not an economic argument, but still.)


<TRUE>
------
&gt; Unless you're truly suggesting that 99 out of every 100 people are abusing drugs, then I can't take the rest of this conversation seriously.

This is a double standard then. The policy being argued about is a drug test, not a drug-abuse test.

At some level , you have to either stand against drugs being used (of any kind for non-essential purposes) or accept that the number of raging addicts on welfare is actually hilariously small and a policy like this does little more than waste everyone's time.

This is especially true considering the short amount of time that most drugs spend detectable in the body, making it more and more likely that any "offenders" you catch with this program are cannabis users.

However, at the end of the day, it's also a question of what society gets out of this. There's no research to suggest that giving impoverished people *less* makes them get out any faster. There's no evidence suggesting that addicts who don't have money get cleaned up more easily. By all means though, if you want to encourage more petty theft while depriving casual marijuana users access to welfare, this is the way to do it.
<TRUE>
------
We imprison far too many people (and disproportionately, black people, I might add) for petty things like marijuana possession. We're quickly becoming a police state.
<TRUE>
------
Eric "The Bulldog" Deters, is that you?

All ethnic groups tend to use marijuana at about the same rates.

The only difference is, black people are about four times more likely to get arrested for it.

Marijuana laws are the new Jim Crow.

<TRUE>
------
Lol, I should program some CSS for this sub that blacks out any mention of TLO with "Xandarg trigger warning" :D

So the difference is that supersoils use a lot of water-soluble nutrient amendments, like The Rev recommends using [this](http://www.planetnatural.com/product/organicare-pure-grow/) in your soil mix. It's got an NPK ratio of 6-6-5. That's a measure of soluble, or ionic, nutrients in the amendment. It's totally organic, but it's just not something you'd find in soil in nature, since all that "food" just sitting there would immediately be integrated into the bodies of micro-organisms, plants, etc. and that would be that. Nature won't let food sit around like that, and since the processes in nature that digest organic matter and turn them into soluble nutrients are slow, the nutrients are always used up before they have a chance to accumulate.

Now, is it the worst thing in the world to not be emulating nature? Maybe not. Maybe we'll all decide hydroponics really is the best way to grow plants. I don't know of any research suggesting one way is better than the other. For me, the benefits lie with how much simpler my method is (fewer ingredients, no need to re-ammend soil each grow, letting nature do its thing), how much cheaper it is (fewer ingredients), how much more environmentally friendly it is (requires fewer amendments, could potentially do it without any external resources if you kept a worm bin/compost pile, and grew cover crops). Oh, and I was watching a TED talk yesterday linked by /u/Endall on the biomimicry movement in science, and the speaker had such a fabulous point: when we compare how nature does things to how we do things, we are always balancing the fact that our methods are a net drain on resources and the environment we live in, whereas nature produces whatever it needs day-to-day, but at the same time is also causing the environment to become MORE productive/fertile for future generations! That's the same thing with no-till gardening methods--just like in nature, using these methods does not deplete the soil at all, in fact the soil becomes more fertile year after year with only the most minimum inputs of decaying organic matter (dead bodies of previous generations)!

Okay, sorry. Tangent. We're back.

One thing I need to say is that there's no reason a TLO/supersoil mix can't BECOME a no-till/permaculture set up over time. Those soluble nutrient amendments are not natural, but they're also no big deal. The soil and plant will process them pretty quickly (which is why TLO/supersoil growers have to constantly throw out or re-amend their soils), but these growers are simultaneously using some living soil techniques such as aerated compost tea. So actually, if they just allowed the amendments to get used up, but continued growing using living soil techniques, they'd end up with a pretty decent no-till setup. Maybe they're just afraid to not re-amend every grow? :)

Yes, the difference from the plant's perspective is that 1) they won't be "sipping" nutrients in the same way, and 2) there's no way for the grower to tell if his soil is thriving, since the plant could live off the nutes in the soil without need of the soil life and never show signs of deficiency. Since all the "control" a plant has over its feeding is based on control over bacteria/fungi/etc, from the plant's perspective we might be growing it no differently than with bottled nutes/etc. The main difference between nature and all human methods that don't emulate nature, is that we take various levels of control away from the plant. If (and this is a big if) it turns out that millions of years of evolution mean that plants actually know what's better for them than we do, then we'll have discovered we wasted a lot of time being control-freaks lol.

Regarding those organic products, I just took a brief look. The kelp one is probably fine, most likely it's just... kelp. I love kelp! Idk that you need to pay that much money for it, though. The other mixes don't seem to list their ingredients, which I find suspicious. Usually these mixes are just all the organic stuff you read about on forums: alfalfa meal, kelp, etc. I don't think a lot of additives are really necessary, though. All the first hand accounts of living soil growers who've been doing this for decades longer than I always come back to the same thing: "I used to do it with x, y, z; but now I just use x, and less often." They're always finding that simpler is better. What a breath of fresh air, right? Cheaper, easier, AND better? Was just reading [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/HerbGrow/comments/2swps7/for_all_those_curious_about_how_organic/) link the other day, and seeing how this guy found the simpler vermicompost tea (without any other additives like guano, kelp, etc) actually performed best. So if that's what everyone is experiencing in the real world, I feel like buying into all these organic products (that are made form simple things you could make yourself, anyway, and actually are overly-complicated and unnecessary to begin with) is just a waste of money. This new wave of organic companies just seems to be capitalism's only reaction to change. Meanwhile, nature has been keepin' it real for billions of years with the simplest, most distilled methods, all sustainable, and charging nothing :)

Regarding that soluble myco: I just read the label and holy fucking mother of nature! How do they sell this to cannabis growers?! I'd seen the name before, and figured it was a decent product (based on reviews), but probably just cut a lot with trichoderma or something. But now that I've read the label I'm actually getting worked up lol! It's almost ENTIRELY ecto-myco and trichoderma! Cannabis roots can't form a symbiotic relationship with ecto-myco at all. Only with endo (arbuscular). Look for stuff in the genus "glomus" when looking for myco for cannabis, and you won't go wrong. As for trichoderma, it's useless because it's in every single soil on earth. It's also in the air you're breathing right now. It's everywhere. You'd never need to inoculate anything with it. Everything is already inoculated with it lol.

[Here's the myco I recommend.](http://buildasoil.com/products/mycorrhizal-granular-inoculum/#_a_HerbGrow) It's 100% glomus, not cut with anything, and cheap! Just apply some to the root ball when transplanting, or sprinkle some on the seed and in the hole if you're germinating directly in the final medium. And if you're sure to always keep some living roots in that medium for the fungi to live on (endomycorrhizae are so named because they can live only within the cell walls of plant roots), you don't need to add it ever again (but can if you want, just to be sure). I recommend a cover crop of clover, which has the other benefit of adding Nitrogen to your soil over time.

EDIT: One clarification — any soluble nutrients in my soil mix comes from compost. When you look at the NPK of composts or worm castings, you'll find they can appear to be chock full of soluble nutrients, but you must consider where they're coming from. I try to use the freshest compost I can when making soil, because I want as many and as diverse a group of living microorganisms as possible in there. Now, I'm working on my own worm bin (even though I unfortunately live in a city apartment) so I can be closer to self-sufficient and increase the quality of my compost. Where does the soluble nutrient come from in compost, though? In an active compost (or soil in nature, for that matter), nearly all of the soluble nutrient isn't soluble because it's trapped within the bodies of bacteria/etc (let's go with just bacteria for this example, for simplicity). Now, if I were to kill all that bacteria by letting the compost dry out or baking it, etc., then the amount of soluble nutrient in there would increase suddenly and dramatically. Does that sort of make sense? I don't want it to be released suddenly, I want the plant to be able to choose. How the plant chooses, in this simplified scenario, is as such: 

* The plant wants food
* It starts secreting sugars from its roots
* Bacteria in the root zone eat the sugars and multiply rapidly
* Massive increase in bacteria causes uptick in protozoa and other bacterial predators
* Protozoa/etc eat bacteria, utilize 30-40% of the nutrients, and excrete the rest as waste
* Plant consumes that waste (soluble nutrients)

EDIT2: When you think about the above, isn't it interesting to realize that a person growing organically who JUST accidentally killed all of their microorganisms somehow won't realize it until later, because the first sign would be an INCREASE in plant growth due to the suddenly availability of all those trapped nutrients! No wonder there's no much misinformation out there haha. "I swear, adding peroxide to my soil totally fixed my nute deficiency!" ;)
<TRUE>
------
Hm, idk. You can read it if you like.

I woke up at around 3:30 am, maybe around 3.5 to 3.75 hours after falling asleep. 

Immediately I found myself hearing the [Zora Hall Theme]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSrf8x2qrbU) from Majora’s Mask.  My immediate guess was that it had something to do with motherhood or children, as the most important character in the Hall was a new mother, and you reclaim her eggs and help them hatch. 

The reason this association was made will be made clear later.

I’m not completely sure of the order of events in the dream.

I’m with friends, we’re in a jungle/forest of some kind (my mother might have been around?). I believe I slide down some kind of slide. One of my friends is, I believe, [Dennis from IASIP]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZuOKUrwoys), and we’re trying to smoke marijuana (secretly?) together. For some reason we’re smoking under blankets and can’t see each other take hits from our pipe. 

I miss a hit (because I was too slow?) and end up trying to take another hit quickly on my next turn to try to make up for it. 
Dennis notices  that the bowl now tastes “nasty” because I lit/burned/cherried the bowl too much when I was trying to take two hits. 

He doesn’t state that it was my fault (possibly thinking it was just a dead bowl) but the other friend (I don’t recall this person having an identity) doesn’t notice a significant difference in the taste anyway.

I’m on a train (in the forest?) somehow with an attractive young woman and a black man that I believe is inspired by a [Reddit post]( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/36i76g/til_that_the_nation_of_islam_teaches_that_white/) that I read yesterday about the Nation of Islam having some extremely racist members/rhetoric  and melanin theory. The man reminds me of [Combat Carl]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNYeFUo8H1c).

We’re all getting high together and at one point the man’s eyes widen upon seeing the beautiful woman and his body transforms into words that are also in the form of a train, and he’s making a pun, and the words he transforms into are the pun, and the pun is about a train, and sex, and his erection inspired by the woman, and he says it while the train/words/him-thing act out the sexual innuendo of the pun. The woman laughs. 

The three of us are working on something together. Some kind of project?

The black man starts to talk about the superiority of black men and asks me to display my knuckles. My knuckles are also a roll(s) of pennies. 

He compares his knuckle-pennies to mine and say that mine are good, but can’t compare to that of a black man’s (his are 94% filled with pennies?)

At some point, somehow, I end up under a highway overpass in my hometown that led to my elementary school. 
“Coat Hangars” (?) of “Highway Debris” have apparently fallen onto the road and are filled with people that appear to be reveling in shock of an awesome professional wrestling move that apparently had brought down the entire highway.
My childhood friend C.W. is among them (most of the people look like him, kind of muscle-y younger men, t-shirts, but some people on the “outer hangars” look like a more typical distribution of humans), and he says that wrestling doesn’t have to be real to be entertaining. A wrestling announcer is with them, apparently hyping up the incredible stuff that’s happening.
Eventually we all start to walk past the underpass and end up on a rather barren hillside and we’re all going to some kind of video-game-associated gathering.

We’re all getting in line together and I think we’re doing something related to cheating/hacking/modding video games.
Eventually my turn in line comes and I bump-into/meet a virtual-representation-head of a very cute girl. I ask her if this is really how she wants to be seen (imagines herself?) because she’s beautiful (I’m interested in her). 

She’s flattered (flirty?) in response but vanishes quickly after she displays a sudden look of surprise. 

I move on to the next “area”, wondering where she went.

Somehow I end up lost/trapped in some kind of temple made of stone. 

The architecture is quite pleasant, maybe greek. Lots of columns, large rectangular floor tiles. Still some evidence of jungle leaking in. 

I have a guide. I’m not sure if it’s a devil. 

I’m also there with a pregnant friend (for some reason I think she’s from Dragonball Z? a video game with similar art like dragon quest VIII?). She might also be the devil? She’s acting as my guide because she’s been there before, but apparently hasn’t been able to leave yet? 

The temple is arranged in such a way that there are multiple paths that must be traversed/satisfied/completed before the rest of the temple can be reached. They’re somehow related to sexuality. One of the paths is male, one is female, one is a homosexual male, and I’m not sure how many there are in total.

I take the female path first, following my guide’s instructions. There’s a (mailbox-esque?) slot intended for sexual fluids. 
 My guide tells me that I have to orgasm/ejaculate to move past this part of the temple. 

I’m hesitant to do this, but eventually do so a little without an orgasm.

This area’s statue (apparently all the areas have statue, the woman path has a statue of a woman) transforms into a pleased expression. My guide and I are bother surprised at this, as she didn’t realize that what I did was a more useful method of completing this section of the temple.

The statue starts to talk about how I got a high rating of “the simpsons” – that is, entertaining, but still on-point and helpful.

I wake up. 

<TRUE>
------
&gt; And people gobbled it up. "People" as in racists and redditors who hate black people but use statistics to justify their ~~stupidity~~ reasoning.

"[Racists.](http://www.pigazette.com/Pig%20images/RaceCardMonopoly.jpg)"

The fact that you got 30-something(+) odd people here to agree with this asinine accusation is disheartening but not surprising. 

It's not inconceivable that the same type of person (notice that absence of the word 'race') who would destroy their community, steal property and endanger local community members; would display that same sort of idiotic behavior while thrashing about in a locked cell. Particularly someone who has a long rap sheet of drug abuse associated with them.

&gt;- March 20, 2015: Possession of a Controlled Dangerous Substance
- March 13, 2015: Malicious destruction of property, second-degree assault
- January 20, 2015: Fourth-degree burglary, trespassing 
- January 14, 2015: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance, possession of a controlled dangerous substance with intent to distribute
- December 31, 2014: Possession of narcotics with intent to distribute
- December 14, 2014: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance
- August 31, 2014: Illegal gambling, trespassing
- January 25, 2014: Possession of marijuana
- September 28, 2013: Distribution of narcotics, unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance, second-degree assault, second-degree escape
- April 13, 2012: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance with intent to distribute, unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance, violation of probation
- July 16, 2008: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance, possession with intent to distribute
- March 28, 2008: Unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance
- March 14, 2008: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance with intent to manufacture and distribute
- February 11, 2008: Unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance, possession of a controlled dangerous substance
- August 29, 2007: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance with intent to distribute, violation of probation
- August 28, 2007: Possession of marijuana
- August 23, 2007: False statement to a peace officer, unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance
- July 16, 2007: Possession of a controlled dangerous substance with intent to distribute, unlawful possession of a controlled dangerous substance (2 counts)

At the very least, that doesn't look like the record of a man who thoughtfully considers his actions. 

But right.. It's the police force made up of mostly minorities, a black police chief and a black mayor who just *have it out for him* because he's black. 

Keep on that "racist" narrative. It makes you look really informed on the issue.

EDIT: Ok gotcha. Fuck me for showing facts right? Gotta do whatever we can to stay on the fast track of blaming the "oppressive white establishment" even in full light of the facts. Let's ignore stuff that makes us uncomfortable and continue to entertain these ridiculous party line (don't kid yourself, that's *precisely* what this is) notions of "racism". You folks are perpetuating the problem for your own amusement. Let's not shy away from the obvious here: you enjoy watching a community destroy itself. Whatever narrative you can adopt which will get those folks riled up to do just that, is *exactly* the narrative you'll stick with. You're sick. You don't give a fuck about societal change. 

You want to be entertained. If while being entertained, you can inject victim-esque hyperbole which you know one side of the spectrum will embrace and encourage because it furthers their own ideology; you *will*, because that's the quickest shortcut to seem learned. 

The reality is, your philosophies infantilize an entire race and the collective result is that you've convinced the youth of that race that they don't stand a chance, **before they even try**. 

You seriously make me fucking sick. It's every bit as racist as the southern white racists of 70 years ago. It's more subtle, but far more sinister and damaging.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCNht7By_8I 
<TRUE>
------
Something to remember is that we can be  pro-Sanders without being anti-Hillary. While Hillary is more centrist/right on economic and foreign policy issues she is liberal on social issues, and is not the same as a GOP nut in any sense of the word. As someone else put it:

&gt;She's different on gay rights, drug policy, incarceration, abortion, women's rights, religion, health care policy, privatization of Social Security, school vouchers, gun rights, taxation of the wealthy, expansion of the military, prioritization of renewable energy, and marijuana legalization. The anti-Hillary hyperbole in this thread is unreal, and that's coming from a Bernie supporter.

I'm voting for Sanders too, but will be giving all of my support to Hillary if he doesn't win. The anti-Hillary rhetoric is being heavily promoted by the right (and lots of astroturfs pretending to be liberal) because they know she's capable of defeating them. This tactic they use is what lost of us 2004 by a hair's margin, and you know the disastrous result of that. It is imperative that we prevent Republicans from taking the White House in 2016 and forming a GOP super-majority because Supreme Court nominations will be up. This may be the most important election in the last 3 decades.

It's also worth noting that often times you have to play ball to change the system. If she were elected it would be the end of her competitive career (and personal ambitions) after, so it's not that far-fetched that she would advance initiatives to get money out considering she's actually really voted in Congress to have it out.

So yes. Support Bernie with all of your might (I will be out there too), but it is imperative to stay cool-headed and not hand it over to the GOP in the event that Sanders cannot take the primary.
<TRUE>
------
That link looks like it's medical marijuana and industrial hemp only. I'd vote for it, because it doesn't establish a constitution-embedded wealthy monopoly that could later fight other initiatives. But this doesn't go very far, to my eye. Kind of hard to get excited about it.


<TRUE>
------
She's well versed with marijuana (30+ years of off and on smoking) and she's actually decently high. Just asked her and she said she's likely peaked at a comfortable [5-6]. 

I think they're just weak. The person that I gave two pieces to dabs daily, so that would likely explain why he didn't feel anything. There are definitely whole trichomes in the candy, I think the extraction process was done half-assed and/or rushed. 

Can't be mad, they came free with an O. 

Very interesting article, though. I'll be doing more research into THCA now.
<TRUE>
------
What's your opinion on marijuana?
<TRUE>
------
###### ^(March 13th 2015, 18:16:48 UTC) [^(Like the bot? Tip the admins!)](/gold/payment?thing=t3_2uvxh7&amp;goldtype=gift&amp;months=1)

### 2 [removed] links
 * ~~[1 /r/news 0 comments](/r/news/comments/2yxmo1/michigan_marijuana_legalization_advocates_confirm/)~~ 
 * ~~[1 /r/AmericanPolitics 0 comments](/r/AmericanPolitics/comments/2yxmnf/michigan_marijuana_legalization_advocates_confirm/)~~ 

<TRUE>
---


### 28 related link removals
 * [The rich own our democracy, new evidence suggests](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2w5vn9/the_rich_own_our_democracy_new_evidence_suggests/)
 * [Poll: 60% Of Virginia Voters Support Marijuana Decriminalization](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2s4w2x/poll_60_of_virginia_voters_support_marijuana/)
 * [Denmark Sets World Record For Wind Power Production](http://reddit.com/r/news/comments/2rxxqg/denmark_sets_world_record_for_wind_power/)
 * [Bill Introduced To Free Missouri Man Serving Life In Prison For Marijuana](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2wbn5k/bill_introduced_to_free_missouri_man_serving_life/)
 * [China to Cut Subsidies for Non-Electric Vehicles, Caixin Reports](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2set5c/china_to_cut_subsidies_for_nonelectric_vehicles/)
 * [Sunny business: India to trump US with 750 megawatt solar power plant](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2w8fzx/sunny_business_india_to_trump_us_with_750/)
 * [MillerCoors unveils largest solar array of any U.S. brewery](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2usf3m/millercoors_unveils_largest_solar_array_of_any_us/)
 * [Supporters aim to put marijuana on 2016 ballot - Supporters of marijuana legalization in Mississippi are making two broad arguments in hopes at least one of them will win over voters. One is about social justice. The other -- and the one many volunteers along the Coast are focusing on -- is money.](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2sypd4/supporters_aim_to_put_marijuana_on_2016_ballot/)
 * [Two Bills Introduced in Congress to Legalize and Legitimize Marijuana on a Federal Level](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2wrd4c/two_bills_introduced_in_congress_to_legalize_and/)
 * [A Pregnancy Prevention Breakthrough - Colorado may have found a way to close the gap. The state’s teen birthrate dropped 40 percent between 2009 and 2013.](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2vo2u9/a_pregnancy_prevention_breakthrough_colorado_may/)

---

### [comments: **0**% [removed] 0 out of 0](/r/RemovedComments/search?sort=top&amp;amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;amp;t=all&amp;amp;q=2yxmmw+OR+2yxmp5+OR+2yxmoi+OR+2yxmln+OR+2yxmmd+OR+2yxmmm+OR+2yxmph+OR+2yxmnt+OR+2yxmor+OR+2yxmo1+OR+2yxmnf) ^(*0*)
<TRUE>
