<blacks in prison>
Is whiterights leaking again? Don't know if this is a good example because OP is an admitted neonazi and white nationalist. No, facts aren't racist. The way you present them is. 

Let's look at why these statistics are the way they are. Blacks are more likely to be poor. Poor people are more likely to commit crimes. Why? Because they have families to feed, too. Then they go to jail. With mandatory minimum sentencing, that means a family grows up without a father. The father has a record now and can't find a job. The kids go to a school that doesn't give a fuck if they even show up. The cycle is perpetuated. 

No, facts aren't racist. Asking questions isn't racist. But when your solution to the problem is "deport all black people", then it becomes racist. 
------
<blacks in prison>
Is this the FBI tactic where they reach out to lost people with bombs and ideas. Then some poor guy falls for the trap. Someone who individually could never cause any damage somehow becomes a criminal mastermind.

It's happened before, usually lowlife FBI informants fish hook poor black/Urban disadvantaged people. Then pat themselves on the back b/c their Heros. 

There is a whole PBS documentary on FBI using these tactics. In the end poor black guys who were not even muslims end up with life in prison b/c they just wanted some cash.
------
<blacks in prison>
Here's a lovely paragraph where he compares men and slaves:

&gt;Warren: Blacks were forced via slavery to risk their lives in cotton fields so that Whites might benefit economically, while Blacks died prematurely. Men were forced by the draft to risk their lives on the battlefields so that everyone else could benefit economically, and men died prematurely. The disproportionate amount of Blacks and males in war increases both Blacks’ and males’ likelihood of experiencing problems such as post-traumatic stress, of becoming killers in post-war civilian life, and of dying earlier. Both slaves and men died to make the world free, but it was someone else’s freedom. Slaves had their own children involuntarily taken away from them. Men still today have their own children taken involuntarily away from them. We tell women they have the right to their children and we tell men they have to fight for children (in divorce). Blacks were forced via slavery into society’s most hazardous jobs. Men are forced by socialization into the most hazardous jobs. Both slaves and men used to make up 100% of the death professions. Men still do. When slaves give up their seats for Whites, we call that subservient; when men give up their seats for women we call it politeness. Similarly, we called that a symbol of subservience when their master entered the room, but it is a symbol of politeness if men stand up when women enter the room. Blacks are more likely than Whites to be homeless; men are more likely than women to be homeless. Blacks are more likely than Whites to be in prison. Men are 16 times more likely than women to be in prison. Blacks die earlier than Whites. Men die earlier than women. Blacks are less likely than Whites to attend college or graduate from college. Men are less likely than women to attend college: 37% vs. 63%.

There's Janet Bloomfield, one of the MRA women and a writer for A Voice For Men, a major men's right's website. She had a lovely article about the Steubenville rape victim, the 16 year old who was sexually assaulted, which she titled "Why Don't We Have a Dumb Fucking Whore Registry? Now That Would Be Justice". 

Then there's Paul Elam, founder of A Voice For Men, who had this to say about victim blaming.

&gt; all the PC demands to get huffy and point out how nothing justifies or excuses rape won’t change the fact that there are a lot of women who get pummeled and pumped because they are stupid (and often arrogant) enough to walk [through] life with the equivalent of a I’M A STUPID, CONNIVING BITCH – PLEASE RAPE ME neon sign glowing above their empty little narcissistic heads.


------
<blacks in prison>
There's a lot here to dissect, so I'll try to go point-by-point.

&gt;  For example, their facial features are more primitive (I.e. More ape like)

By using the same evolution angle you use in the OP, this can be easily explained.  When homo sapiens spread globally, physical adaptations were needed to cope with various new environments.  The homo sapiens in central and northern Africa required much less physical adaptation because the ancestors of the species had been acclimated to that region for hundreds of thousands of years.  Nothing to do with intelligence or violence here.  

&gt; Also, the most violent places in the world are generally majority black

Those "most violent places" were also conquered and subjugated at various times by Europeans and Middle Eastern people, who left broken institutions, inequality between peoples (e.g. Belgian preference for Tutsi people), and dangerous ideologies (e.g. the concept of holy war), that still produce strife even after the occupiers are gone.  

&gt; Blacks make up a huge amount of the prison population compared to their population in society as a whole

This is common with most cultural/ethnic minority groups in a given area.  Minorities tend to be poorer, and incarceration is linked with poverty.  This is by no means exclusive to people of African descent.

&gt; Also, black peoples IQ is significantly lower than white peoples IQ.

This, believe it or not, may be the result of internalized racism.  Psychologists have found a [phenomenon known as stereotype threat](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/07/opinion/sunday/intelligence-and-the-stereotype-threat.html?_r=0), which demonstrates that exposure to negative stereotypes reduces performance on tests of intelligence.  In short, the belief that "blacks are stupid" creates "stupid blacks".

&gt;In my opinion, whites would never do that unless under extreme oppression (which blacks AREN'T)

In Europe, which is full of white people, riots following the loss of a football game by the home team are not exactly uncommon.  It should be noted also that non-African-American residents of that poor Baltimore community had also participated in the riots.

&gt; Even with affirmative action (racism) black people are not able to do as well as whites. They do not achieve as well as whites in school, college and university.

That's because affirmative action itself is, as a concept, ineffective in closing achievement gaps.  It fails to address the underlying factors surrounding achievement gaps - such as poverty, underfunded schools in minority communities, and racism (see stereotype threat above).  

&gt; Also, black people have a negative effect on the cities and areas they inhabit. Look at Detroit's deterioration, for example.

For a myriad of reasons, racial and ethnic minorities tend to be poorer than the majority, and because of that will be high in number in any area with low-income living space (which Detroit has).  I should also mention that Detroit has a white mayor, who is supported by an administrative staff that is not significantly more diverse (racially) than that of other major cities.  The people in charge of Detroit - and therefore most responsible for its current state - are no more black than elsewhere.

Just as a last note: I applaud that you've identified your racist beliefs and want to work on changing them, and hopefully you'll take well to all the evidence and arguments presented in these comments (because I'm sure I won't be the only one).  

 
------
<FALSE>
As an Asian American, I wish people like this dude would stop using us 'model minorities' as a way to be racist towards blacks. Not all Asian Americans were "interned in fucking prison camps not too long ago" and that definitely does not compare to being enslaved for hundreds of years. 

Sadly, I saw a very similar post yesterday in /r/asianamerican. It has since been deleted by the mods so I will cut and paste the deleted post here. 

&gt;I agree with the sentiment behind AA, but it's nothing more than a quick fix, a patch over the underlying issue of the attitudes of African Americans. Yes, they are socially disadvantaged and have been for ages, but guess what? When Jews immigrated to the US, when Asians and Latinos first started here, we were treated just as poorly, we were also disadvantaged minority. (Yes, we didn't go through that whole slavery stage but as minorities we were treated as poorly as Blacks at the time when we came over; exploitation as laborers, little to no rights, etc) We were broke, we had less rights, but we made it. And why? It all comes down to the culture and attitudes of the people.

&gt;African American attitudes toward education is the root of the problem. Oftentimes doing well academically and going on to become a doctor or accountant or whatnot is seen as selling out. It's not cool to study, it's cool to be parts of gangs, to have a gun, and to ditch school. And if they don't do well? They've had years of abuse and lack of rights. It isn't their fault that they all live in ghettos. It's the government's obligation to mend these issues, isn't it? This conceit, this attitude, this belief that they are owed something is the issue. Unlike other minorities, they're unwilling to roll up their sleeves and climb out of the trench they're stuck in. Instead, they sit at the bottom complaining that it's too high to try to climb.

&gt;Is it easy? No. But doable? Yes. AA is just a way to help the outliers. Until the socioeconomic issues behind Blacks is fixed nothing will change.

------
<blacks in prison>
Yeah, I'll admit that I just grabbed the first stats I came across, honestly.

A general outline of why I believe that race is a factor:
&gt;Bias causes law enforcement officers to stop, search, and arrest racial minorities at disproportionate rates; minority defendants bear a disproportionate risk of facing 
stiff charges but have smaller chances of receiving a substantial assistance departure or being represented by effective defense counsel;
they are more likely to be convicted by juries and trial judges 
on similar evidence; and they are likely to receive harsher penalties for similar crimes. Each step in the process further widens the racial gap in the criminal justice system.

There is disparity in sentencing beyond socioeconomic class.

&gt;In his 2001 analysis of 77,236 federal cases from 1991 to 1994, 
for instance, Professor David Mustard found that even when cases were controlled for the severity of the offense, the defendant’s prior criminal history, and the specific district court’s sentencing tendencies, blacks received sentences 5.5 months longer than whites and Hispanics received sentences 4.5 months longer than whites.

&gt;When income was considered as a variable, the disparity became
even greater: blacks with incomes of less than $5,000 were sentenced most harshly of all, receiving sentences that were on average 6.2 months longer than other defendants.

Evidence that the courts were systematically discriminating against black people (not necessary for it to be intentional for it to be happening).

&gt;Because black Americans constitute 80% of those 
sentenced under federal crack cocaine laws each year, the disparity in sentencing laws leads to harsher sentences for black defendants for committing 
similar offenses to those of their white or Latino counterparts convicted of possessing powder cocaine. While the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 reduced the crack/cocaine sentencing quantity disparity to 18:1, thousands continue to languish in prison serving sentences applied under the old laws because the act has not been applied retroactively.

The above all sourced from here: http://sentencingproject.org/doc/publications/rd_ICCPR%20Race%20and%20Justice%20Shadow%20Report.pdf

More evidence that the courts are biased against black defendants in terms of incarceration rate.

&gt;To make these results more concrete, consider the expectations of
incarceration for two pairs of otherwise identically situated defendants
who differ only by race. William L., who is white, and Bob L., who is
African American, have their cases heard before Judge Lenient, who is
at the 10th percentile in the racial gap in the incarceration rate. Bill H.,
who is African American, and Walter H., who is white, appear before
Judge Harsh, whose mean racial gap in the incarceration rate puts him
at the 90th percentile. Besides their race and (random) judicial assignment,
all four defendants and their crimes are otherwise identical. The
difference between Bill H.’s and Walter H.’s likelihood of incarceration
is 18 percentage points greater than that for Bob L. and William L. So
while William L. may expect a 35 percent chance of incarceration and
Bob L. may expect a 45 percent likelihood, Walter H. may face a 40
percent probability of incarceration and Bill H. may face a 68 percent
chance.

Sourced from: http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1800840

I think that's enough. Yes, poor people are discriminated against in this system but it is amplified even more so if you are poor *and* black.
------
<blacks in prison>
Of course that's not true. 

Does this sound normal to you?

"Um, hate to tell you this, but today's conservatives actually want a police state, because it makes the poor people easier to control. By the time what's left of the middle class realizes this, it will be too late."

"Also, they're racist. I'm so tired of having to dance around this like it's controversial.
Racism is a bit more complex than running around in a white sheet screaming slurs.
This ostensibly anti/small government group just so happens to be unconcerned with massive, systemic, violent abuses of American citizens when those people aren't white.
Hell, the stupid Bundy ranch "controversy" had them ready for a second revolution. But he was the right color.
If you care about 'freedom' in any sense, you should be appalled by the Ferguson report. And yet, crickets from the Right.
The conservative movement somehow believes that they have a veto on being judged as racist. As if their faux-outrage and denials counteract the decades of coincidentally racist alignments on almost every single issue. I'm just tired of it.
They don't think black people can be Americans the same way they are."

"I want every single one of them thrown in the most derelict of prisons in the country. These are the real terrorists. Take a fucking stand against these 47 terrorists and say "Either you go there yourselves, or nobody goes."
Edit: Apparently I cannot spell "terrorists" the first time around. My apologies."

That's all from r/politics. I browsed for less than a minute.
------
<blacks in prison>
&gt;Although I ultimately think arresting people for truancy is stupid (how's that going to help?), that's not really the point.  The point is that black people in general are often arrested and stopped by police for trivial shit.  From the study:

&gt;&gt;The red highlighted data point on the far right side of the second chart shows that Blacks were over **25 times more likely to be arrested for loitering with intent to commit a narcotics offense, and this offense was charged just under 4,000 times during the 33 month period**.  To be charged with this offense you do not need to have narcotics in your possession.  **Since it doesn’t require concrete evidence**, this offense gives police officers significant leeway to arrest people who may have done nothing wrong and who are just hanging out. “Police will say it’s loitering or lurking,” says Newby.

&gt;25 times more likely to be arrested for an evidence-less "crime".  You have to be in denial to claim there's no racial angle to this.

Blacks are mainly in lower income (which is also evident with the large black homeless population in the study) areas that more then likely have higher crime rates. The very obvious reason you don't see the white kids from the better neighborhoods being arrested for this is they aren't loitering to sell drugs. They probably sell it in school or in their country clubs or whatever, namely not the corner.

This article also leads to the thought that these people are being arrested and put in jail, when only about 25% of black or whites are actually put in jail or get more then a ticket / fine. Again when you look at about 4000 were for curfew, seems like a pretty easy problem to fix.

The study also shows how clearly biased it is. It pushes an agenda nothing more.

The study on youth is laughable since 40% is for curfew. But not surprising given that black children make up 30% of the youth but total black population is only 19%. So what does that tell you? Either they have many kids or maybe single parents. Would explain why they have a hard time keeping kids home for curfew. But why teach kids rules when you can just blame whitey?
------
<FALSE>
Well black people were slaves for a lot longer by the uncivilized colonizers, who also killed indigenous people. Then the Jim Crow stuff, the police terrorism, America has so many homeless, highest prison population, is currently bombing like 8 different countries, has 9,000 of those soldiers also living in the streets, I think America as a whole isn't very civilized. Europe with all those fascists isn't much better though. 
------
<blacks in prison>
It's good to get an opinion from an outsider, whose point of view is from the outside looking in with, hopefully, no preconceived notions. But My reference is a black man I worked alongside for years as computer systems analyst. He told me the truth as he lived it. His opinion is the black people hold themselves back with their negative, defeatist attitude. He grew up with a single mother in a sketchy part of town, but his mother made him take education seriously and made him study hard. He'd made it to a solid middle class career and told me about some of the boys he grew up with. Most were in prison, living on the streets or on welfare. The positive attitude instilled by his mother made all the difference as he put it. 
------
I'll step out of the reddit group think for a moment and try to give you an idea of why these people did this.

First of all, they blocked *one* of *many* entrances. They did so peacefully and they did so for **ONE HOUR**.

But why?! Why did these monsters ruin all the poor student's entire lives by taking up space for one whole hour on a *saturday*!

Because you, and most people like you, don't give a shit about whats going on and/or don't do shit about it. The topic is fairly irrelevant, in this case it's the extra judicial killing of black people. Next time it might be sex slavery at the superbowl. The point is that you have the **privilege** (I know, bad word, sorry...) of not having to think about these issues.

So activists who want you to think about these things use tactics of escalation to bring it to your attention. They probably started by posting fliers that you ignored. Then they tried to hand your fliers which you took, didn't read, and threw away. Then they marched down a street where you looked on at them puzzled and again ignored them.

In the case of black youth the issue has been almost completely ignored for 30 years. What would it take for you to look at the prison industry or the use of police force or to listen to the stories of black urban people and simply acknowledge that there is *some kind of problem*.

This is what happens when a problem festers for so long. You don't have to deal with the problem, no one you know has been beaten up or killed by police, no one you know is in prison for trumped up charges, no one you know is homeless or comes from a broken family because of police. You don't understand because you never see it.

Now you see it. Because some kids are forcing you to see it.

And look at all these comments, a bunch of cry babies making fun of kids doing their best to live true to their convictions and face down a huge problem and lets be honest, it doesn't matter what they do. You don't think there is a problem and you'll make fun of them no matter what.

Not a single one of you is doing jack shit to confront the dominate culture of racism in America. This is why you hate when people talk about privilege because you live it and it's uncomfortable to think about.

You model yourself after batman and spiderman, you look up to jesus or carl sagan, but the truth is you are anything but. So you shit on people who are *trying* to make the world a better place.

Shame on you.

Edit: Yeah the protestors said some ignorant shit, wouldn't it be funny if you got as worked up over massive systemic racism as you did over someone dumb college student calling another one a "white kid".
------
&gt;Knowing that you or someone you know is getting heat for having weed, while the murderer of your brother still walks the streets would piss off anyone.  Oftentimes, it is common knowledge amongst the community who the killer is, but the murderer remains free.  "Well, if black people would step forward and just work with the police, these killers wouldn't be walking the streets."  The problem is that there is a real threat of violence for testifying in court.  Someone who has committed murder has no qualms about killing you to stay out of jail.  Plus, oftentimes the star witness doesn't have a immaculately clean record either.  They may be drug dealers or users, prostitutes, or ex-cons.  Would you be willing to put your life on the line for someone you may not even know?  

The answer is, "yes". In fact, people do it every day. The reality is that those who are not willing to testify *are* to blame for the violence in their neighborhoods. They live in fear and people who succumb to fear will never rise above their situation, regardless of color.

I had this same conversation with a group of low-income folks.  I explained to them that I was astonished at watching a shooting in broad day light and the fact that none of their neighbors, who were eye witnesses, would help the police. The idea that fear of retribution should keep you from trying to protect yourself is illogical. 

If you already have a maniac in your neighborhood who is willing to kill someone, why would you *not* testify? They have already shown they are willing to kill someone, so do the smart thing and turn them in *before* they can kill you.  You don't protect yourself from murderers by just letting them keep murdering and hoping it just isn't you. 
------
The reason we as a country never seem to get over the race issue is because we never have an honest discussion about it. Instead of looking at the facts and being brutally honest about the changes that need to happen, we take a highly emotional approach where white people are paralyzed with fear to say anything in any way negative about the problem of black crime out of fear of being labeled racist, and black people feel like they are being looked down upon and their community identity threatened. 

Now we as liberals find tremendous appeal in supporting the minority being oppressed by "the man", and have created a narrative of how all cops are crooked closet racist looking to kill African Americans. Now there are around 470,000 sworn officers in America, risking their lives every single day to protect the public, and I can [imagine how dangerous and stressful it must be to constantly have to deal with this type of criminal mentality, every single day.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=fd2Ibw7wrvs) While there is no denying that there are psycho cops (the law of large numbers makes that an inevitability), they are 0.01% of the police force. We have laws in this country that ensure we get an investigation into every death caused by a cop, and we do [prosecute with murder those cops that wrongfully kill.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/08/us/south-carolina-officer-is-charged-with-murder-in-black-mans-death.html) But you may ask why is it always African Americans who have so many altercations with police, why not other racial groups such as Asians? Indian immigrants, Bangladeshi immigrants, Sri Lankan immigrants...etc all have dark skin, yet your local black skinned taxi driver from Pakistan doesn't feel persecuted by the police. Why? Because the fact is that black crime is a huge problem that the police are faced with trying to solve every single day. The facts speak for themselves:

African Americans make up a small minority of the population (about 13%), yet they account for a massively disproportionate amount of the crime:

* African Americans are responsible for 53% of all murder, with a 7 times higher murder rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 56% of all robberies, with a 8.1 times higher robbery rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 41% of all prostitution offenses, with a 4.9 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in 3 aggravated assaults (33%), with a 3.8 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in 3 burglaries (30%), with a 2.7 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in 3 arson crimes (38%), with a 3.8 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in 3 fraud crimes (31%), with a 2.8 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in 3 offenses against family/children (32%), with a 2.9 times higher rate than whites.

* African Americans are responsible for 1 in every 3 rapes. This is despite black men being about 6% of the US population.

Source: [FBI 2013 Crime In the United States report](http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/tables/table-43)

Some more facts on the crime rates of African Americans:

* African Americans make up 56.2% of all serial killers.  Source: [Radford University Serial Killer Database](http://maamodt.asp.radford.edu/Serial%20Killer%20Information%20Center/Serial%20Killer%20Statistics.pdf)

* Black youths kill 14 TIMES more than white youth. Source: [Time Magazine](http://ideas.time.com/2013/08/22/viewpoint-dont-ignore-race-in-christopher-lanes-murder/#ixzz2ciWBxj00)

* African Americans make up 42 percent of all cop murderers. Source: [FBI 2013 Statistics on Law Enforcement Officers Killed](http://www.fbi.gov/news/pressrel/press-releases/fbi-releases-2013-statistics-on-law-enforcement-officers-killed-and-assaulted)

* 93% of African Americans killed are murdered by other African Americans. Source: [US Department of Justice](http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2011/crime-in-the-u.s.-2011/tables/table-43)

* African Americans made up 40% of the total population in prison, while only 12% of the US population.  Source: [Bureau of Justice](http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/pjim06.pdf)

At this point you probably got that wheel spinning, wanting to respond with "but socioeconomic conditions caused by slavery and white oppression causes these high rates of murder and rape!". That narrative is however incongruent with the facts, as African Americans have a higher violent crime rate than both whites and Asians across socioeconomic lines:

* While crime rates do fall with socioeconomic status, African American have [higher rates of murder than both Caucasians and Asians across socioeconomic status.](http://i.imgur.com/sGynbw2.png). African Americans with an average household income of over $85,000 have higher crime rates that the lowest socioeconomics strata of Asians, according to the U.S. Bureau of Justice.

* The biggest correlation of how much violent crime is in a city is the percentage of population that is black, much more than the percentage that is in poverty. In fact crime rates in the US have a incredible [0.8 correlation to the percentage of population that is black in that city.](http://i.imgur.com/rF1cpJ6.png), and this is way higher than any socioeconomic factor, such as poverty, levels of unemployment and education achievement (all which are around 0.3-0.4)

*  Other groups with an even lower socioeconomic status (such as immigrant groups from Asia) don't have anywhere near the crime rates of blacks in America. 

* [Blacks are only 2.7x more likely to be in poverty than whites](http://www.statehealthfacts.org/comparebar.jsp?ind=14&amp;cat=1), yet as we saw they are 7x more likely to murder than whites.

* There are almost [twice as many white people in poverty as there are black people](http://breakingbrown.com/2013/07/41-of-nations-poor-are-white-nearly-double-the-number-of-poor-blacks/), and it if it was true that (irrespective of race) poverty caused violence than whites would be commiting twice as much violence as  African Americans. But they don't. [African Americans still commit more violent crime in absolute number,](
http://www2.fbi.gov/ucr/cius2009/offenses/expanded_information/data/shrtable_03.html) despite having much fewer poor people.

* Appalachia is almost entirely white and the poorest region in the country. We see horrible rates of poverty, yet the crime that plagues African American communities simply isn't found. The 10 U.S. counties with the lowest annual median household incomes are in Appalachia.

http://cnsnews.com/news/article/america-s-10-poorest-counties-are-gulf-coast-states-kentucky-and-indian-reservations

**‘Yet, The violent crime rate for Appalachia in 2010 was lower than the national violent crime rate average by 56.76%’**

So its clear that black crime is a problem, and its high time we faced it head on and honestly instead of being politically correct. So why does this happen? There are two ways of thinking about it, one is that its caused by nature and one that it's caused by nurture. The nature viewpoint says that African Americans are a very specific subset that has been artificially selected by the slavers during the days of slavery, picked for specific traits like virility and high levels of testosterone (much in the way pitbulls are artificially selected). Interestingly there are differences in testosterone levels in black and white Americans:

&gt;Black males have "mean testosterone levels 19% higher than in whites, and free testosterone levels were 21% higher". Source: [US National Library of Medicine](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3455741) 

However I really don't think this truly accounts for the high crime rates, there is a much more powerful force in the environment, and that is a culture of anti-intellectualism that looks down on education and celebrates criminality. This toxic culture leads to massive social problems:

* 73% of black babies are born out of wedlock. Source: [US Department of Health Statistics](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr61/nvsr61_01.pdf)

* 67% of black children grow up a single parent home. Source: [US Census surveys and National Kid Count](http://datacenter.kidscount.org/data/tables/107-children-in-single-parent-families-by#detailed/1/any/false/868,867,133,38,35/10,168,9,12,1,13,185/432,431)

* In 2012, the mean critical reading SAT score for college accepted students was 428 for blacks and 527 for whites. For mathematics, it was 428 for blacks and 536 for whites.  For writing it was 417 for blacks and 515 for whites. Source: [US Department of Education](http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=171)

* At both the grade 4 and grade 8 level, there is a persistent achievement gap between whites and blacks in both mathematics test scores and reading test scores in ALL states. Source: [2007 US Department of Education National Education Assessment](http://nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/pdf/studies/2009495.pdf) 

They even call it ["acting white":](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acting_white)

&gt; Success in education in particular (depending on one's cultural background) can be seen as a form of "selling out" by being disloyal to one's culture.

You only have to watch a 5 minute rap video or a 5 minute clip of BET or log onto WorldStarHipHop to see it as a cultural tourist, but its nearly all pervasive in the black community. The "dont snitch" culture is a prime example of it.  It is this culture that causes the problems, not evil white people, [and nobody summarizes it better than this black gentlemen.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPUcA7yrErg&amp;feature=youtu.be).
------
It's pretty simple. I don't like black people. Take them out and the US prison population drops, crime rate drops, welfare recipients list drops, and IQ jumps up a few points. Africa is a shithole too, the place people have lived the longest is still somehow the most primitive. Excuses for that can be made, exceptions pointed out, but it doesn't change anything. Whether it's genetic, cultural, or influenced by socio-economic status I don't know, if I had to guess all three.

I complain on the internet because I don't see a practical solution. Most bullheaded solution,  killing black people, is fucking stupid and wrong. Even if it would work I'd want no part it. Ok so deport them? Even if everyone magically accepts this idea, we then have to legally decide who is black. Millions of times. And arrange transportation. And get them passports. And make sure somewhere will take them. Not gonna work. Secede from the US and create an all white utopia with me, some rednecks, and whoever from stormfront and /pol/ can walk unassisted out of their basements? Even if that dumb idea worked it'd be a disaster. So I just whine about it.


------
And then there's the cases where a cop beats the shit out of someone or kills them while they're at the station. At least they have a chance. 

There's a reason "fuck the police" culture exists in lower class black culture. Years and years of collective experience says it's either run/fight or co-operate, get charged far more than you should or for crimes you didn't commit, get roughed up in holding, get an unfair trial, get sent to an extremely rough prison for far longer than you should and possibly get raped or brutally killed. If you look at the deaths where people fled or fought back, it was mostly (compared to population demographics) black men in rougher neighborhoods.
------
1. There's nothing violent about not paying child support that would warrant violence as a response. And no, Freddie did not have a switch blade. The cop said he did, but he in fact did not (cops lie of course). He had a pocket knife which the mayor admitted was perfectly legal for him to carry. Regardless of the circumstances of your arrest, if you're not being violent you don't deserve violence as a response. Cops shouldn't shoot people for running. They should run after them.

2. What do you consider going easy on drug dealers? Assuming they're not violent, which they usually aren't, what's a fair sentence for a gram of marijuana? 30 days? 5 years? And if you know that 1 out of 4 black men will end up in prison, what do you think happens to their kids? It's not magic. Those people in prison right now have families that live without them. It's not like there are all these black men wandering the streets that don't want to be with their families. I know you probably think that's the explanation, but it's just not.

3. The root of racism has changed says the white guy. Excuse me if I disagree, because like I said I've seen police brutality up close and way before Trayvon was even born. And I agree that cops abuse everybody, not just black men. And it's not right when they do it to anybody. I think the police system in this country is completely amok and doesn't serve anybody. That homeless guy they shot in Arizona was white and they killed that dude for no reason. Well, I guess in your mind they had some reason...but definitely not a good one.

4. Name me an instance where a cop is useful, and I promise I can give you a better alternative.

5. The difference between cops killing white people and black people is often the black person is unarmed and not posing a threat to the officer. They keep shitty statistics on this stuff, but I'd bet more of the white people that got shot had weapons. And I agree the media sensationalizes things, but I'm glad they are shining a spotlight on this issue. People that look like me have been murdered for a long time and it was swept under the rug. Now, hopefully they think before shooting people.

6. Being cautious and shooting someone are two different things entirely. Very rarely are cops brought up on charges for shooting anyone, black or white, but again I think there's a difference when people are unarmed and even handcuffed. And how do you break a guy's back and then act like you did nothing wrong? They're overly aggressive and in total denial about it. Fuck them all.

7. Look, I've never hit a cop and I never would. But that shouldn't get you shot. Tased maybe or hit with a billy club. But dead? No way! Where are you from that's so black and white that touching some guy in a blue uniform gets you dead?

The fire department and all emergency personnel went in to help on 9/11. And that's happened once in history. You can't use that for justification of a corrupt police system. I would argue that if we had more firemen and fewer police, maybe more lives would have been saved. I'm not saying we don't need some police to respond to certain things. We need investigators and coroners to clean shit up, and we probably need small strike forces for big public crimes. But they should operate like the fire department and the ambulance; stay in the station until you get called. Our society is pretty safe, so there's no real fear of some rogue force taking over the streets. I would say in South Sudan, yes please have a police force. I still know it's corrupt, but it's better than some group of rebels. But this is America. We should put city cameras on every corner and have satellite dispatch offices where people monitor the cameras and can send tactical units to deal with the issue. We don't need some guy that just came off of a raid to be showing up to a domestic violence case. We're human, and we must admit our emotional limitations. And because we're such an advanced civilized society, police in America are now the most dangerous thing about America. But you're right, they're killing white people too. So you should join our protest and I'll join yours. They just killed this kid in Baltimore that had made some poor decisions in his life, but certainly didn't deserve to die. They could have used their interaction with him as an opportunity to show him a better way. But instead they gave him a "rough ride" to teach him a lesson. Well they taught him alright. And their punishment for taking a life won't be anywhere near what mine would be for running from somebody. I think that's wrong.
------
You linked a single article from a non-reliable source. 

If you really want me to, allow me to point-by-point pick apart the article:

&gt;Since farming is an example of what economists call perfect competition, using slaves was the only way to run a profit and survive, so it became the one and only way to run the business of agriculture.  For those slave owners who did have a conscience, how could they hope to survive by freeing their slaves when their neighbor didn't?  A system of rationalizing of slavery with racism and a knee-jerk reaction to abolition was a predictable development.

Something making sense economically is no excuse for morally incorrect behavior. Otherwise we'd still have slavery today. This entire point serves only to say "but people would get hurt if the slaves were freed," a common pro-South argument. The argument falls apart when you point out that the total human suffering caused by slavery was far more severe than a small minority of rich southerners losing some money.

&gt;Most Northerners were also racist.

This point is completely irrelevant. Yes, the North also did bad things. But the fact that the US put Japanese people in interment camps doesn't excuse what the Japanese did to their POWs. Evil things do not magically become morally correct just because somebody else has committed evil for similar reasons.

&gt;Robert E. Lee stated that a gradual emancipation was the best course.  Stonewall Jackson taught black people to read in violation of state law, and Jubal Early had several mixed race children with his black common law wife.

Again, completely irrelevant. Some Nazis were probably good people who tried to help Jews. Some Nazis probably wanted "just eugenics" or other methods of gradual extinction. That doesn't mean that Nazism was, on the whole, good. Of course, your author admits this, but it brings me to wonder why the hell he even brought it up. If he knows it's bullshit, why say it?

&gt;resulting Union war of conquest was a reaction completely out of proportion to the actions of the Confederates at Fort Sumter. 

This is a fundamental disagreement in what the Civil War was. If you consider the Confederate States a legitimate nation, it is accurate. If, like me, you consider the Confederate States a group of states in rebellion against the Federal government, then it's not a war of conquest but rational action to quell rebellion. You previously gave me a quote from the Declaration of Independence, which you mistakenly identified as the Constitution. It's not. The Declaration of Independence is not a legal, governing document of the United States. So that quote is completely irrelevant to the legality of secession. 

Since the constitution offers no procedure for leaving the United States, I assume that it is illegal to leave. As a result, a state fired on federal troops, which were rightfully re-supplying property of the US Government. This means that any action to quell these illegal actions, though unfortunate, was necessary to keep law and order.

&gt;This action, and this wording, clearly demonstrates that Lincoln had no respect for the Constitution and was attempting to fundamentally redefine the nature of the federal government.

Lincoln wants to maintain the peace. There's precedent for this action with Washington and the [Whiskey Rebellion.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whiskey_Rebellion)  

&gt;  At the time, the American people were citizens of individual states which were members of the United States, so when a state seceded, the citizens of the state were no longer affiliated with the national government.
Secession is illegal. As a result, this entire paragraph is incorrect.

&gt;Despite the suffering of Confederate prisoners, Union prison officials failed to use funds allocated to them and actually returned money to the Treasury. 

Again, just because the Union did bad things, does not mean the South is correct.

&gt;All wars are political events, and the Union was not united in its efforts.

Neither was the South. Besides, a just war doesn't have to be popular.

&gt;So a decisive Confederate victory was not even necessary to gain independence. 

The fact that the confederacy could have won doesn't mean the confederacy was OK. 

&gt;After all, they formed the country through secession from Britain.

The Founding Fathers performed a totally illegal action and they knew it. There's a reason they made comments about how they would all hang for treason.

Now, sometimes it's necessary to do illegal things to achieve good. Some portions of the Civil Rights movement, Gandhi's actions, and of course the American Revolution demonstrate that. Doing illegal things to preserve slavery isn't a moral good. It's in direct rebellion of the moral good. It's incredibly selfish and childish, saying "Fuck your laws I have to make money" and forcing poor people to fight for your right to do so.

*On a greater note*

Of course I'm trying to make you feel bad for flying the flag. I'm doing it for the same reason people try to make the Westboro Baptist Church feel bad for being assholes. 

When you fly a Confederate Flag, you endorse slavery. There is no getting around this point. That flag was used by armies which, at its core, existed to keep slavery as an institution in the South.

When you fly a Confederate Flag, you endorse lawlessness. You endorse people who ignored the law for their own personal financial benefit. Who turned their backs on the union of the people and the common good to make a few dollars.

When you fly that flag, you are doing something incredibly shameful. Incredibly, horribly shameful. 

Are you really so fucking blind that you need everything to be black or white? That you **need** the civil war to be OK, or the entire history of the South is fucked? Because it isn't! You can have a region full of generally good people do bad things. That's entirely possible. I'm German. I'm proud of my German heritage, but you don't see me defending the Nazis. I'm Italian but you don't see me defending Facism.

Why do you feel the compulsion to rationalize the Civil War so it's OK? What drives you to the mental gymnastics required to claim that a war to **keep human beings in horrible bondage** was OK? I do not get it. 
------
&gt; The benefits of joining the Army is purpose, motivation, and direction as a part of something that is bigger than just one person.

OK you know what I'll accept that as a premise, but guess what, if the only way you can find purpose motivation and direction in your life is to join the army you're either an idiot or a prick. Go help at a homeless shelter or help an elderly neighbour pick up some groveries. Join a community project. Purpose motivation and direction are not hard to find. 

&gt;Hey what have you done that's heroic? Got out of bed and made this ridiculous post sharing your one sided, my way or the highway view with the world that has shown you zero approval and support because you are clearly a childish person. 

No one is calling me a hero and there isn't a culture that reinforces that view, a dangerous culture that encourages young working class lads to join up to the army for all the things you listed above that could just as easily be found through non violent means. 

&gt;Your solution is to gripe on the internet. Good job hero

This isn't the only thing I've done today.

&gt;   Thank you for your service to our glorious country. 

I'm not from your country.

&gt;Do you know what an individual swears oath to first when they join the US Military? The US Constitution, not foreign policy, and not the officers appointed above me, that beautiful constitution comes first. 

The beautiful constitution which is if anything a little shakey on standing armies, a concept the founding fathers weren't super comfortable with... and the constitution that is beautiful...for white people. APparently it doesn't apply to black guys until later. Protip: Don't base your ethics on a document, the constitution is just a piece of paper and in the last few weeks we have found that the US military (along with the military from my country) has been at the very list facilitating the torture of prisoners. Oaths mean shit, actions count. 

&gt;So keep living that pipe dream and being all but hurt because you got denied entry into the service or some relative passed away while serving.

Neither happened. I would never have signed up for the British Army, although my grandfather and his three brothers all fought in mainland Europe during the second world war. All survived. But nice speculation. 

&gt;You are upset with the wrong group and you seriously believe we signed up "because they'll pay us to kill towel heads guys!" when that could be the most misguided and ignorant thing I have read in some time.

I'm not saying that's *why* you sign up, but you do sign up, take cash and participate in the organised slaughter of "towel heads" so that's on you. I don't think you're going to argue against the point that a lot less people would sign up if army pay was minimum wage, which to me illustrates a lot of yall are mercenaries for the state, duty is not the only motivator here.

You're difficult ground here. You can call me misguided, ignorant, say I don't know X and Y because I have never served, you can accuse me of this and that assume various things about my psychology, being rejected by an army or having a war service member of the family die or whatever, but the cold fact is that you are paid by the United States Government to follow orders as part of an organisation has engineered and carried out war crimes and with no sign of stopping soon. 

You can say I'm angry at the wrong people, but you know what, I'm done with only blaming politicians or corporate interests. At the end of the day they still need guys like you to show up to work, ready and willing to kill out their policies. My argument is simple. The US (and the UK) armed forces are organisations guilty of previous and  currently engaged in crimes against humanity, they committed murder and act in a way that is neither accountable to the international community or their own organisations. You are old enough and smart enough to know better. You are responsible for your actions. 

I'm sorry, you can't say fuck the war without saying fuck the troops. At least I'm being honest with you. I've nothing else to say on the subject now. 


------
Yeah, it's thug culture. In North America our lower class people are predominantly First Nations, and they have the same attitudes about most things that American black people have. I wonder if they just don't realize that if everyone was snitching, their neighbourhood would probably be a hell of a lot cleaner in a few years. I think too many of their friends and family are involved that they don't want to send any of them to prison, but they don't realize that those same people are the reason their neighbourhoods are shitty and nobody brings any opportunities to that area. It's like a self-perpetuating black hole of poverty that these people feed every time they choose not to act.
------
In my opinion, when blacks became equal citizens under the law, you had a situation in America where this profound hatred of black people that has been an integral part of the American psyche since its inception had nowhere within the law to focus its fury. Since the founding, law was always used to repress blacks, but now there was no way to explicitly single them out. Consequently, laws aimed at repressing black people had to be designed in non-racial specific terms. Since most black Americans in the mid-20th century were poor, it was logical to write laws focused on poor people. Regardless, laws could not specifically target black people, even if that was what they were designed to do . . . there would be some spill over, some collateral damage as it were. 

Jump to today, America has the largest prison population on the planet, both per capita and in raw number, the police are abusing people left and right, and a lot of people being thrown in prison and being abused by police are not black. The laws were designed to keep jim crow alive, but they ended up targeting non-blacks as well. 

So I can completely understand the need many have to focus on race, because I honestly do not believe we would have the largest prison population on Earth if it were not due to the fact that our historic hatred for slaves eventually turned into hatred against our own citizens. Nevertheless, because this epidemic of cancerous law enforcement is not racial specific, we now have a situation where laws that previously would just have kept poor blacks down are now keeping all poor people down, and psychologically only the bottom feeders even want to keep jim crow alive, so getting rid of these laws -- starting with the War on Drugs -- is becoming in everyone's interest and there is always more power in what unites us over what divides us, which is why people don't want to focus on the issue of race.  
------
Not true in anyway. The problem is that the [cycle of poverty](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_of_poverty) is a real thing. Those that are in poverty have a ridiculousoly hard time getting out of poverty. Poor families stay poor usually. One half of poor children become poor adults. Now due to little to no civil rights, Racism, and just being freed from slave labor, Blacks weren't able to break out of the poverty they were set in because A. Most of them had little to no education 5.9 years of education being the average to a white males 9.1 B. There were dirt poor, pretty much working the exact same work as slave labor, A 1900 census showed that 77% of blacks still were working in farm work, or hard labor, compared to a white males 48%. And C. 90% of African Americans lived in the south until 1920.  So without any money to build off of, and little chances being given to people of color, Black men made less than half of a white males income, 500 being the mean for Black male incomes, and 1700 being the mean for white male incomes. Now with the booming 20s happening many blacks started moving from rural areas to cities so they could work in factories. 2 problems occurred from this, 1. Factories would decline to hire black workers and when blacks were hired, they were placed in the more dangerous parts of the factories. and 2. Before the Great Depression hit, unemployment rates were roughly the same, but by 1960 2 African Americans were unemployed to every 1 White person. The effects of the poverty are still effecting black people today. In 2000, the infant mortality rate in America was double for blacks than it was for whites (7-14 per 1000 respectively). This means that Black people weren't able to receive care due to low income. There are a lot of statistics showing why Blacks are having a hard time and when you look at shit like this, numbers become largely irrelevant. Sure there are more poverted white people number-wise, but theres also more white people in jail, when in reality 1 in 15 African americans go to jail, compared to 1 in 106 Whites. Thats disproportionately large, and its not large because there are more people, its large because there are societal problems effecting black people that put them in situations. Percents are actually more important than raw numbers in statistics. Percents show you how the community as a whole is effected, while numbers just show you numbers.


Source: [A](http://eh.net/encyclopedia/african-americans-in-the-twentieth-century/)
------
It has to _start_ somewhere. Don't stop the existing conversation and progress just because it doesn't go far enough. Instead push for these additional things *in addition to gay marriage equality*.

Black people are already being excessively detained by police; LGBTQ is just icing on the cake of an existing issue and focus should be on the core issue first.

People who seek asylum and are turned away are already subject to imprisonment and possibly death; LGBTQ is icing on the cake to an existing issue.

The issue of people being fired for being LGBTQ is already being worked on and bring fixed in many places. Many jobs already protect that class without being required by law and they should be applauded. It's an on-going process that isn't stopping just because marriage approval is also an ongoing process.

Marriage equality isn't hurting these other issues. If anything the acceptance of gay marriage helps bring these other issues to light and makes people more aware of their impact. This is especially true of LGBTQ homeless where rejection at home is the reason for their situation; as it becomes more socially acceptable to be gay there will be fewer parents who kick their kids out for being gay.

It doesn't have to be just one way to tackle these issues. Coming at them from multiple angles will increase the speed of change.

But pfft, who needs logic around here when we'd all rather just be up in arms with our torches and pitchforks.

Get your pitchforks here folks! Limited supply! They're going fast!

---E

---€

---[
------
nope facts. Check how many whites go to jail (for marijuana possession) vs how many blacks go to jail for the same crime. Saying that white people are equal to colored people is just plain retarded. There is a huuuuge white privilege even for poor people. 

------
&gt;There's a difference between thinking that something should be some way, and recognizing a problem.

There is a difference and I do recognize that there's a problem. We should not be racists or sexists to remedy problems.

&gt;Please don't put words in my mouth. I could care less what the makeup of congress is. 

So how then do you think minority issues should be better represented? If the makeup of congress doesn't affect how represented a certain race/sex is, then how do you personally gauge how represented someone is?

&gt;Currently the office of the president is 100% black, I still think the interests of "white people" are over-represented by our government and that minority issues are underrepresented.

I'm saying this as a point of debate and I don't agree with this on ethical grounds, but shouldn't white people be the most represented based on the population makeup of the US since whites are the majority? Is that logically incorrect? Shouldn't minority issues be represented as about 35% of all issues represented since that is the collective percentage of minority in terms of race? If that isn't the case, what is your metric for determining someone's allowed representation?

&gt; historically black k-12 schools getting less funding than white counterparts

The article is proposing a correlation as the causation. The schools aren't underfunded because the students are black. They are underfunded because they are in low income areas with low property taxes. The correlation of this with low income areas being often minority results in a feedback loop that is extremely difficult to counter.

This is evidenced by the fact that white kids in primarily black schools aren't having more money spent on them. Every child in the low-income area schools is having the same amount of money spent on them as other children at the same school regardless of their skin color. They have drawn incorrect conclusions to further and perpetuate an agenda.

&gt;overrepresentation[2] of black populations[3] in prisons[4]

I won't deny that there is an obvious issue, but I think it's more of a feedback loop than an intentional systemic construct. [Crime rates are higher in lower income neighborhoods.](http://www.jacksonfreepress.com/news/2011/oct/19/the-poverty-crime-connection/) and more cops are set on patrol in those areas than lower crime areas. Low income areas are traditionally overwhelmingly minority populations. You can see where this is going. It mostly comes down to feedback loops, which isn't an excuse for the over-representation of black populations in prisons, but it is an extremely valid explanation that counters the racial implications.

&gt;black[5] men[6] dying[7] in[8] suspicious[9] circumstances[10]

I read through all of your links. More white people die in police shootings than black people by a factor of 2.

&gt;laws that still make it difficult for minorities to vote

The intent isn't to make it difficult for minorities to vote, it's to verify the identify of voters. You have provided all of these articles and responses through an extremely biased lens. You're promoting the idea that it's systemic racism on the grounds that the effects of legislation are affecting minorities more even though that's not the intent of the legislation.

&gt;Can they take measures to fix that? Sure, but they won't represent my views as well as someone who is quite similar to me.

You are actually advocating for something you said you weren't.
&gt;&gt;Please don't put words in my mouth. I could care less what the makeup of congress is. Currently the office of the president is 100% black, I still think the interests of "white people" are over-represented by our government and that minority issues are underrepresented.

You are advocating for the makeup of congress to be exactly proportional to the population with your logic. If that isn't what you're advocating, you're arguing for an untenable position. You're saying "minorities and women are underrepresented!", then pointing to the lawmakers and saying that they're the problem, but that changing the lawmakers to be more representative of minorities and women won't fix the issue, even though you said that someone most similar to your demographic has the best chance of representing you. 

In short, you need to clarify your position in regards to what you deem appropriate representation and how you would propose that change. As it is, your justifications are conflicting your position.
------
I'm not against all of your ideas, but I'm pointing out that you're making basic, fundamental logical errors with your reasoning. 

You're confusing correlation with causation. You're looking at a result and then assuming that it implies intent.  

You (correctly) point out that the poor are disproportionately *affected* by the legal system, but then you make a major leap and claim that the legal system is *targeting* these people. This is where you've gone wrong. 


Let me give you an example argument using this fallacy:

The sun disproportionately affects people with light skin. The sun gives white men get skin cancer more than 25x as often as black men. These facts have been proven and are not up for debate. It is beyond me how you can think the sun isn't racist.

http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/skin/statistics/race.htm

Do you see how that works? Sure, white people are affected more. The numbers aren't even close. But in no way does it prove intent. There is no systematic discrimination that the sun is masterminding.

Now with that said, one of the major things keeping our prison population high is drug convictions. That's the reason for the increase in the 80's. I personally think the drug war should be abolished and people on non-violent drug offenses should be let out of prison. But even without drug convictions, poor people tend to commit more violent crime anyway and they will still be overrepresented in the prison population.




------
No I can’t. Since there are no studies, you must agree that there is not enough information to kill someone over. You seem to think “drug dealers” are some boogie man, yet upper middle class white people do drugs more than lower class black people. They have to get their drugs from somewhere, by associating with dealers. Yet only the people who are being cracked down on experience the violent crime. Violence actual went up during the drug war. BTW, more people died last year from prescription drugs from doctors than illegal drugs, maybe we should study how harmful it is to associate with doctors, and then kill them? Are you aware the drug use has *risen* during the crackdown on drugs? Are you from the 1960’s? You have no respect for human life. You seem to think killing someone makes it go “poof there gone! and there troubles along with them!”. This is monstrous.

&gt; Whether or not the family members/friends that were involved with drugs would be at the moment or even most of the time present, absent or in jail doesn't matter so much for the purposes of my point.

Yeah, it doesn’t matter to your point because you are ignoring the societal ramifications of killing non-violent people and rendering children fatherless.


Now back to my question.

I suppose you think black children in America are better off because of their fathers being in prison for drugs. Or would they be even better off if the government murdered them all?

edit: Hey its turns out there are now studies.

"But until recently, there has been little hard data showing the effects on children. Some states allow the children of prisoners with sentences of a certain length to be adopted, thus severing ties with parents who use drugs or are involved in other criminal or gray-market activities. The theory is that children are likely better off without their crime-prone parents.

That theory has been largely disproved by new data that has allowed researchers to examine the well-being of children before and after a parent’s incarceration. A very small subset of children—those with abusive parents—were found to be more likely to thrive academically and socially if their parents are incarcerated. But most children declined markedly. In fact, the new research suggests that prisoners’ children may be the most enduring victims of our national incarceration craze.”

http://www.thenation.com/article/193121/mass-incarcerations-collateral-damage-children-left-behind#
------
The shit-stem promotes violence because they give free murder passes to the connected black thugs (and thugs of other races).  Then they turn around and harass, arrest, and generally try to cockblock innocent black people.  The shit-stem put a homeless black man in prison for several years because he had a similar name to someone else who escaped from prison.  Meanwhile they have people committing murders and violent crimes repeatedly, and getting off every time, and I'm only talking about the ones without badges.
------
Both you and /u/PatriArchangelle are deliberately misinterpreting the argument.

Racial prejudice exists. It's shit behaviour and a shit paradigm and should be eradicated. People of any race or ethnicity can be racially prejudiced --&gt; *everyone agrees with this.*

The people who use the racism = prejudice + power definition are referring to a specific subset of cases where groups experience racial prejudice in addition to being *systematically disadvantaged* by their environment. 

And seriously, this question of 'systematic disadvantage' is so much more interesting than the usual "reverse racism exists and affirmative action is unfair!!" narrative. The first is semantics and the second is part of a fascinating, complex, constantly evolving landscape of research we should all know more about.

**On the one hand (just a few examples there are a fuckton):**

* Pager, Western &amp; Bonikowski. 2009. “Discrimination in a Low-Wage Labor Market: A Field Experiment.” American Sociological Review 74: 777-99: *Black job applicants were half as likely as equally qualified whites to receive a callback or job offer. Black and Latino applicants with clean backgrounds fared no better than white applicants just released from prison.* 
* Bertrand &amp; Mullainathan, "Are Emily and Greg More Employable than Lakisha and Jamal? A Field Experiment on Labor Market Discrimination", The American Economic Review, Vol. 94, No. 4, Sep., 2004, pp. 991-1013: *Callback rates were lower for black sounding names for newspaper job adverts, all other characteristics being held equal;  Black names appear to benefit less from resume enhancements (such as honors,
more experience) than did whites.*
* See also Holzer &amp; Ihlanfeldt, 1998: *the racial composition of a retail outfit's customer base has sizeable effects on the race of who gets hired, particularly in jobs that involve direct contact with customers and even accounting for neighbourhood demographics. They find evidence of this kind of discrimination in both (predominantly) white and black establishments, but the net effect appears to be reduction in overall labor demand and wages for blacks* 

**On the other hand:**

* Very famous and controversial study by Neal and Johnson in 1996 shows that test scores on the AFQT (Armed Forces Qualifying Test, and they check that it is not racially biased) accurately predict virtually the whole of the B/W wage gap later on. 
* Ok, so let's look at what happens before the AFQT. We've all heard about the Black-White test gap in schools... But wait: Fryer &amp; Levitt (2005) show that black and white kids enter kindergarten testing at about the same level (once socio-economic status, age, gender, etc are accounted for). But then black kids begin to fall behind, losing more ground to their white buddies each year. How come, the paper asks? Are their schools worse or are they being tracked within schools? Black kids on average tend to have less educated parents, who are less able to help them with schoolwork - does that become more important as time goes on? Or maybe the kind of skills we test changes btw kindergarten and higher grades changes, creating a disadvantage for black kids (e.g. maybe parental/social status is more important in understanding the abstract concepts students are tested on as they get older?). Nope. The data doesn't really support any of these.
* Maybe it's a cultural thing then - cultural aversion to education stemming from black parents who, in their time, saw a lower return on investment for their efforts, and passed that belief on to their children - *in which case affirmative action should help*? Or reduced teacher expectations for black kids? We all know that has a huge impact on attainment. Well -- maybe:

1. Cotton, Hickman &amp; Price, Affirmative Action and Human Capital Investment: Evidence from a Randomized Field Experiment, NBER Working Paper No. 20397, Aug 2014: *AA policy equivalent (they paid 'disadvantaged' students a 'prize' for their relative performance) significantly increased both average time investment and subsequent math achievement scores for disadvantaged students. No evidence that it weakened average human capital investment incentives for advantaged students. Strong evidence that AA can narrow achievement gaps while promoting greater equality of market outcomes.*
1. Figlio, "Names, Expectations and the Black-White Test Score Gap", NBER Working Paper No. 11195, March 2005: *Children who receive distinctively black names appear to have slightly lower test scores,are less likely to be labeled as ‘gifted,’ and are more likely to be labeled ‘learning disabled.’*


Ok this is a novel so I'm going to stop now. But seriously this shit is so interesting, let's have the conversations that actually matter.

*edited for my inability to type
------
I'm an egalitarian first and formost, but also something of a men's rights "activist", yes. And over the course of 2014, I've also become something of an anti-feminist. And before you brand me as a misogynist and downvote, hear me out.

I disagree with alot of the feminist narrative and ideology, and their twisted views of history. And the lying, manipulation of statistics, and the endless stream of one-sided articles and discussion of subjects that have an equal amount of male victims that are consciously excluded to fit their narrative. And then there's the blatent manhating, the condescending language, and the many double standards...

At the start of 2014, I actually called myself a feminist. Practically by default. But following the Eliot Rogers case I heard feminists call him an MRA, (which he wasn't) and was curious what it was MRA's stood for. The idea seemed ludicrous at the time. I then came across a female men's rights activist named Karen Straughan, who got me curious enough to look up the data for myself. And the more I read, the more I agreed with what they had to say, and opened my eyes to the other side of the story that is constantly neglected by mainstream media and actively surpressed by feminists. (and then there was the #KillAllMen hashtag, the feminists attacking #WomenAgainstFeminism, etc etc... one after the other) Over the course of 2014, I got involved in countless discussions on social media and reddit and read countless articles &amp; studies.

And contrary to feminist propaganda, I've rarely seen genuine misogyny on places like /r/mensrights, for example. More often, it's the feminist definition of misogyny that differs from any rational persons, just like their definition of 'equality' isn't the same as that of an egalitarian. Disagreeing with feminism or wanting attention for men's issues is somehow seen as derailing and misogyny. It's not. (and then there's feminists not understanding the differences between MRA's, MGTOW's, RedPillers, pick-up artists, etc.)

Do I think all feminists are evil misandric manhaters? No. I think most of them - like myself back then - are simply ignorant and misguided, and nostalgically cling on to what they believe feminism once was. Many not looking further than the dictionary definition, as if that actually means anything. I don't necessarily want to see feminism destroyed or anything like that, but I do feel like we need to question the narrative we've always been led to believe, and take a look at the other side of the story. And to do that, I don't think we always have to do it through a limited feminist lense.

Feminists in the west don't have any real issues, so they desperately need to make them up. It's either manspreading, fat shaming, sexist t-shirts, people calling women 'bossy', and other pathetic stuff like that. Or just endlessly venting about how hard it is being a woman and/or single mother. And if those aren't enough, they'll endlessly keep repeating debunked or hopelessly outdated statistics like the 1 in 5 rape statistics, or keep pretending the wage gap is due to systemic discrimination. Or turn every trivial matter that hits the news into the next big women's issue...

The facts are that currently in the WEST (because let's face it, most feminists in the west don't give a rats arse about women on the other side of the planet, unless they can point at them as examples of oppression, as if the comparison makes any sense) women have all the rights men do and more. And in fact, men and boys are far worse of than women are. If anything, it's women who should be checking their privilege.

A couple of the many issues I've been interested in over the last year: (mány more where those came from, sadly enough...)

- Men are overrepresented in all the physically demanding &amp; outdoors jobs, accounting for men representing over 96% of the serious workplaces injuries and fatalities. Where's the equal representation of women in those jobs?

- Men serve 65% longer jail time for the exact same crime as a woman. And women are twice as likely to avoid incarceration if convicted. This gender gap is about six times larger than the racial disparity. The biggest disparity being between black men and white women.

- Boys are doing worse than ever in school due to an educational system that’s stacked against them. They are currently outperformed by women in nearly évery area, And college enrolment rates for men are down to 35-40%. If it happened to women, everyone would be up in arms demanding reforms.

- Women are responsible for half the domestic violence in relationships in which both partners are violent, and 70% of the violence in relationships in which only one partner is violent.
Mothers are also responsible for up to 45% of child killings, more than any other group. And yet the media only ever talks about male abusers and female victims. Hotlines/shelters also focus exclusively on women. And thanks to the ‘predominant aggressor’ law, men are arrested by default on a DV call.

- For 80 years rape was defined as ‘the carnal knowlegde of a woman against her will’ making it impossible for men to be seen as victims and women as perpetrators. even now, it revolves entirely around penetration of the victim, which still doesn’t allow for female perpetrators. The CDC did a study and made it’s own category called ‘made to penetrate’, which showed men reported being ‘made to penetrate’ just as much as women reported being raped. In any sane world, rape should be defined as gender neutral. (and schools should teach that an erection is not always voluntary, and not a sign of consent)

- The current lowest estimate of false rape accusations against men lies around 25 to 26 percent. Another peer reviewed study estimates 41% of all rape accusations being false. So in other words, anywhere between 25% and 41% of all rape accusations are false, which seems to merrit proper questioning of any rape accusation, and holding on firmly to due process.

- Men die 5-7 years earlier than women, but women‘s health get’s four times more funding.

- Men commit suicide at four times the rates of women. Up to eight times after divorce. Men are almost 80% of suicide victims.

- Men are overwhelmingly more likely to be victims of homicide by both men and women, and yet the focus always is on female victims.

- 62% of the homeless in the US are male.

- Boys make up 50 percent of the sex trafficked victims in the U.S and most of the world. Yet the focus is always entirely on girls.

- Men have zero reproductive rights

- Paternity fraud is rampant in the US. In 30% of cases fathers had the DNA tested, they discovered they were paying child support for children who were not theirs. The estimate in the general public is 10-30%.

- Women get child custody in about 85% of the cases.

- Girls are protected under law from circumcision, boys are not. (his body, not his choice) There are no valid health reasons to justify permanently mutilating an infant without anesthesia (and studies suggest, permanently traumatize) that regular bathing practises won't also remedy. And given that infants aren't sexually active, there's no justification for not giving a young adult that choice when he's actually reached an age where it might potentially be relevant.

- Selective service is required only of men, and participation is tied directly to voting rights. Women have no such demand, associated with voting rights or otherwise.

- In every serious study, the wage gap has been shown to not be systemic discrimination, but down to the choices of women. The wage gap comparison fails to take into account critical factors like education, career, specialized fields, parttime/fulltime, maternity leave, hours worked, etc. When a man and a woman make the exact same choices, the wage gap disappears. And yet it's maintained as a desperate attempt to prove men are oppressive. Women aren't paid less for the same job. As an average women are paid less than men, but that's a meaningless comparison unless you account for all contributing factors. Otherwise it's as useless as taking an average of the entire populations income and saying that average is what each person makes, ignoring the different classes ánd the massive difference between the 1% and the rest of us.

I just want these, and many other issues dealt with. And dispite the fact that barely 20% of the women in the US identify as feminist, unless the mainstream media focuses on men's issues the same way they currently do on the many trivial women's "issues", the large majority of the population will never form a single egalitarian movement. Which leaves us stuck with two opposites; feminism and MRA's. (or whatever you want to call them. there isn't really a men's movement, just a bunch of men and women trying to raise awareness) And this would mean that just like there are many feminist organizations, governmental advisors, and lobby groups, we would need a balance for men and boys. It's not a zero sum game. We can both 'win'.

On the bright side, when I first started discussing men's issues on places like facebook, noone would hear of it. You were automatically branded a misogynist. By the end of 2014, a lot had changed. Now, there's a lot of discussion taking place, which is a good thing. I'm certain that the more the mainstream is confronted with these issues, and the more we deal with them, the more things will balance themselves out.
------
One of the toughest things about people like us with baggage is this feeling that we're alone with everything against us. Let me give you some insight into myself. Keep in mind, my intention is not to downplay your situation as if you and your life's problems don't matter. They do, and we're all effected by our own lives differently. Me personally I struggled through most of it alone, and still do to this day, so I know where you're coming from and honestly I don't want you to feel that way. 

My names Mike and I'm 24. I've always been a fuck up to this day I'm still a fuck up. Which isn't to bad, I manage and socially I've always been fairly easy to get along with. At 13 years old I was selling weed in middle school and got arrested that year drunk off off cheap brandy charged with attempting to steal a car. 

From 2003-2005 I was selling weed and extacy throughout highschool because I didn't like the thought of asking my parents for lunch money. Was arrested for assault, possession, most days I skipped school went off got high or drank 40 ounces with homeless people who'd buy me alcohol.

By the time my Sophmore year kicked in, I had flunked and was repeating 9th grade. I didn't even make it to the end of the quarter before the district superintendent expelled me for taking 2 girls off school campus to get high. 

At the meeting with my parents the superintendent, viceprincipals, school resource officers, and my probation officer had a field day reviewing my permanent record, which included everything from school ordered psychiatric evaluations, verbal threats against students, teachers, and staff, physical altercations, all within about a one year period.

After getting expelled, I was transferred between 2 GED/High School diploma programs and a vocational studies school, while maintaining dual enrollment in classes in a local community college. By this time, police departments in 3 different counties basically knew me by name. Cut off all my friend from highschool (can't even remember half of them). 

Went to college until the recession hit, had to drop out to pay a mortgage, cause my old man got laid off. This was in 2009, I was 19 at the time. Since then I've gone between 4 different jobs. 

Just recently caught a DUI. I worked 24 hours within and 36 hour period, without any sleep, decided to pay a cousin a visit. I bottle of patron, a bottle of captain morgan, a bottle of fireball and .18 BAC later I was in a jail cell with 8 spanish 2 white 3 blacks and myself the only Asian.

Just feels like another day in the office so to speak. I been in and out of court rooms more times than I can remember, I lost count of psychiatrist visits, everyone keeps claiming I'm a pothead and alcoholic... I like to describe it as voluntarily binging after extended periods of sobriety (currently 18 months sober from marajuana/ 9 months sober from alcohol), and even though my social skills are great, I genuinely just lack trust and faith in people in general. I left out the details of all the fights I've been in, the countless meetings with probation officers, case managers, the whole situation and the effects on my life with my family, etc. 

My life is one big cluster fuck, but it's my cluster fuck, and I learned only one thing through all of these years. Not one thing, not one thing, from my baggage, makes me any more or less/better or worse of a person than any random stranger off the street. I've been through hell and back and will give a stranger the shirt off my back and extend my loyalty to anyone I meet until they give me reason otherwise. 

As far as what I been through or the baggage I carry, it says nothing about my character, and that's all that matters. As far as it goes you never know who a person really is until you take the time to get to know them, and a lot of people just don't bother with it. They'll speak about moral fortitude and just as quickly pass judgement without even giving an opportunity for redemption. 
------
If you want to have a serious conversation about race, don't start by building your premises off a ridiculously biased infographic.

&gt; Why do black folks commit crimes at such overwhelmingly disproportionate rates?

This is not even supported by the infographic. Let's look at what the infographic is really saying: **the amount of black violence against whites is greater than the amount of white violence against blacks.**

The infographic also states that 63.7% of the US population is white.

If 63.7% of the population is white and 12.6% is black, wouldn't it make sense that whites will much more frequently be victims of violent crime, no matter the race of the perpetrator?

Instead of acknowledging or attempting to correct for that common sense fact, the infographic actually goes the other way and uses dishonest "adjusting for population size" to skew the conclusions even more.

If we actually divide the number of white victims by the white population, and black victims by the black population, we find that:

**0.1647% of the white population are victimized by black offenders and 0.1625% of the black population are victimized by white offenders.**

Not exactly the 25-fold margin we were led to believe, is it?  This is clearly an infographic with an agenda.

As others have mentioned, there is disproportionate black crime for a few reasons-- the most important is poverty. Blacks are disproportionately poor and poor people are disproportionately criminals for obvious reasons.  They also are disproportionately targeted by law enforcement and often given an unfair shake in the courts, which skews prosecution and imprisonment statistics.

These reasons also speak to the infographic's claim about aggravated assault.  I'm just guessing here, but if you look at the qualifications for an aggravated assault charge, most of them involve robbery or assault on a police officer or prison official.  If you're disproportionately poor and disproportionately in contact with the justice system, it makes sense to me that you're disproportionately committing aggravated assaults.

TL;DR the infographic is pseudo-intellectual shit and if you're basing your opinions on its assertions, your opinions are going to be shit as well
------
&gt; That does not mean you can say that poor people constitute a threat to the well being of others.

That's because poverty is an issue of circumstance, whereas pedophilia is an issue of nature. 

&gt; To say that perhaps we should separate the poor into a different part of the city in order to isolate them and protect the well being of others

I agree this would be irrational, because while poverty may be a motivating factor for crime, it is not an inherent disposition, as I would say pedophilia (or desire to murder, or any other immoral craving) is. That is the relevant difference.

&gt; Black people are more likely to be imprisoned per capita in the US. That does not mean it's appropriate to tell a black redditor that they're statistically more likely to be a criminal, a prisoner, or a convict. That would be a violation of rule 1.

This is just getting into the social convention of reddit, which doesn't interest me. What interests me is truth and knowledge, so I will leave this point aside.

&gt; There are correct ways to discuss statistics, and there are wrong ways to discuss them. I'm telling you that you're walking the fine line between those two

The line I'm walking (in your opinion) is one of respect, not one of correct implementation of statistics. You may disagree with my conclusions regarding pedophilia, but none of my arguments use false logic.
------
Black are the majority of welfare recipients. Actually the majority of welfare recipients are whites (40%) and blacks make up (27%). Also blacks sell the most drugs actually whites sell more drugs than their black counterpart but since the stereotype is that black do most drug bust efforts are focused in predominantly black neighborhoods which leads to a larger percentage of blacks in jail for drug related offenses. I know blacks who smoke and sell weed and maybe crack but I know ALOT of whites above done crack, ecstasy, heroine, molly, shrooms etc. Etc. At very young ages.
------
&gt;I'm tempted to make a joke about how white people eat bland food, smell funny and can't dance but that would be against the rules.

I guess that's the good thing about reddit's voting system, that it documents the overall attitudes of its userbase. I mean it's not as accurate as a properly constructed survey or anything, but I think it's pretty telling that a joke about white people not seasoning their food optimally is likely to hover around 0 points but the same old jokes about black people using drugs, being on welfare and going to prison are consistently in the comment section of /r/all and often at least moderately upvoted.

They use the excuse "We're not racist; we make fun of all groups equally." and even putting aside all the reasons that's a bad attitude, it's not even true on reddit. And even if you could show that the memers of reddit as a whole make a roughly equal number of jokes about all groups, I think it would be pretty easy to show that the people who vote reward jokes at the expense of some groups over others.

Maybe someone with better social science credentials than me could set up an experiment where different usernames post in the defaults an equal number of racist jokes poking fun of stereotypes about blacks, whites, Latinos and Asians. And maybe a control group that makes jokes that aren't offensive against any one group?

I guess a big problem would be how do you ensure that some jokes aren't simply funnier or otherwise more appealing than others for reasons other than race. And if you believe that stereotypes are harmful, it might not be ethical to do an experiment where you might expose people to that. But if it could be pulled off, I think it would be illustrative, even if it seems like a safe bet what would happen.
------
Porn is legal here. There are no types of porn which are illegal here. There are certain types of porn which are illegal to film, but only a small number.

1. Gun crime
2. Racism
3. Money runs your politics far more.
4. Life expectancy
5. Free healthcare
6. Workers rights, safeguards from firing, holidays.

I think I have the better deal. 



"There are no types of porn which are illegal here."
-"There are certain types of porn which are illegal to film, but only a small number." Read the OP.


4.7 per 100,000 is your murder rate

1.0 per 100,000 is ours.
 
We had 650 people killed, you had 14,827. Obviously, adjust it for population and it is different, but still a huge number. 

You have the largest prison population in the world. 

Racism is far less prevalent here. Scots/Irish/Welsh/Geordies are not disadvantaged at all. You will not find a case where someone was refused employment because of their being Scottish Irish etc. I am white but live in London, where 45% are not ethnically British. There is nowhere near the racial divide between blacks and whites in the UK as there is in America.


Yes many jobs have got those advantages and rights, but they don't have to provide them, whereas here they do. 

The number of your population in poverty is much larger.
Our education is better also. 
------
In a capitalist society money is the great equalizer.  My parents always told me that I should never give money to homeless people, they didn't do this because they thought all homeless people were black and they hated black people, they did it because they think that when you've got nothing (materially) then you've got nothing to lose, thus making poor people scary to them.  When the looting in Ferguson happened it wasn't *all* of the black people that were looting, it was the poor black people.  Which, in all honesty I can't say I wouldn't do the same thing if I owned nothing and had nothing to lose.  Think about it, they've got a good chance of getting away with looting during protesting and riots and on the off chance that they get caught they just get to go to jail where they have a bed and food.  When people have jobs and an apartment/house etc. then they have something to fear from being caught, something to lose, so they stay at home and watch the looting on TV and safely get to judge and talk about how blacks are uncivilized and other racist nonsense.
------
"Hello it's me, your friendly neighbourhood left-leaning liberal. Today I'm going to talk about how men are just smarter, stronger, and generally cooler than women. After that I'd like to talk about how black people are naturally worse than white people, it's just biology. Next week I'll be talking about how not letting me say the N word is actually racist, and then we'll discuss how everybody on welfare is actually making more money than us by pumping out, soon-to-be-criminals, black kids. Then when we have time I'll promote my favorite right wing politician. But I think weed should be legal, but the black people in prison for it should never be let out, that's what they get for using illegal drugs."

 A comment somewhere on reddit that has like six thousand upvotes and been gilded 12 times
------
&gt; *Awesome question - now we're getting into the deep waters.*

Thanks, I appreciate that.

&gt; *Maybe "just" is the best word - he rewards that which epitomizes love (towards man and God), and punishes that which causes discord or epitomizes selfishness.*

That may be a better word, but then you run into all sorts of questions about how that "justness" is applied. For the same reason God's "goodness" doesn't appear to map to anything normative, his "justness" also seems empty of meaning. 

Let's delve into this a bit. When we describe something as "good" or "just," there is always a normative element to it. We don't call chocolate good without reference to exactly what it's **good for**. We say it's good because it is pleasurable to eat. Similarly, we don't call a judicial ruling just in a sort of vacuum, we call it just by what it accomplishes. For example, we might consider it just when a determined vandal is sentenced to help the low-income grandmother whose garden he destroyed to replant and take care of it. We want him to see the effects of his destructive behavior and reform, and we want her to have her garden back, so we might say justice is served when a judge hands down a sentence that has a good chance of accomplishing that.

But we have nothing similar with God. Things we refer to as "good," "bad," "just," and "unjust" (again, in a normative sense) happen to people without apparent differentiation. Good people suffer poverty and homelessness, bad people make millions, black people go to prison for years for minor infractions, white people get off with slaps on the wrist, and so on.

So when we say God is good or God is just, what do we mean by good and just? It doesn't appear that either word, when applied without a normative standard, means anything at all.
------
Haha I still don't think we see eye to eye man; in Mortal Man Kendrick says that the caterpillar is a "prisoner to the streets that conceived it" (which I'm assuming means black youth, or poor people in general), and that the caterpillar is the one "pimping the butterfly for its own benefits". There's not much about white people pimping the butterfly as in exploiting black culture, it's about how blacks perpetuate the cycle themselves.

So I guess we were both sort of wrong.
Edit: Great fucking album though
------
&gt; Actually, that goes a bit against your point: should we withold our judgement on MLK because people in the future might have a different opinion? Same line of reasoning as your argument against the labeling of SJWs.

Yes, you should label someone as a SJW and then in a prefunctory manner dismiss their point of view because they are a SJW. 

&gt; There is a difference between racism by intent and disproportion by effect. 

So as long as it is not overtly (intentionally) discriminatory that is OK? 

&gt;For example, you wouldn't argue that abortion is racist because more minorities tend to get them than white people.

I don't know how that would be racism. People **choose** to have abortion,that is a women's right issue not a state imposed sanction. 

&gt;You wouldn't argue the concept of a nuclear family is racist because so many black youth are born out of wedlock. 

I don't know that there is any basis for this, and frankly this is borderline discriminatory, however, what would be the significant of depriving a group of people right or benefits on the basis of whether they are (or are not) part of a "nuclear family". It seems to me that such approach is illogical, for the sole reason that a child is being punished (deprived of a benefit) because of the action of their parents. I don't know how such an approach could be endorsed. 

&gt;If it can be proven that the intent of the law is to discriminate, fine. But simply because it disproportionately effects minorities does not indicate racism- indeed, it may very well highlight issues within the effected communities themselves.
So precluding people who may live in certain parts of town from attending certain schools (that are part of the same school district) because they are not within your zone would be OK? Even if the effect of such a policy is create a ethinc devide where one school is almost entirely white and the other entire minority. In your view, such an approach (*defacto* segregation) would be ok? Afterall, this decision is not intentional discrimination, it just so happens to divide on race. 


&gt; Even if I were, I would not think to speak for an entire group of people. However, that there is no longer legalized discrimination, and that indeed, there are penalties in place for those who attempt it- is the case. There are African Americans in every level of the private and public sectors, from CEOs to the President. Does that mean things are perfect? Of course not. 

So then the fact that minorities are disproportionately represented in disadvantaged situations, whether that be for example in poverty or prison is all just a coincidence and we shouldn't worry. 

&gt;But it does mean that there is nothing institutionally holding black people back any more than any other group of people.
What if because of years of being disadvantaged you grow up poor, and can't afford to attend the best schools. As a result of not being able to attend the best schools you don't network with people who will end up helping you later on in life in getting a job and being successful, and as a result you are not successful.  
------
Uh, no. He's incorrect. That's not the first step at all.

It isn't that men are getting longer sentences -it's that women are getting shorter. You have to prove that women are getting preferential treatment, not that men are disadvantaged. See, men are the default, the standard - specifically a white guy of middle class. So a white guy of middle class is going to get around the appropriate jail time. A black guy gets more. A woman gets less.

The job is to prove women demonstrably get less, and then what? Judges use their own judgment to decide lengths of crimes. Do you go to every judge and make sure he's being equal? Do you throw out all the sexist judges and put in new ones, some of whom might be sexist?

That's like saying we have to prove black men are disadvantaged by the system and then we can fix it. We already know that, but the only way to move forward is case by case. We have no way of fixing the entire problem, because it's societal, not law.
------
You seem to be pretty caught up in BLACK community this, BLACK community that.

This is a socioeconomic issue effecting some people who happen to be black because of the disproportionate amount of black people who are currently impoverished in the U.S. If it were any other race, it would be the same problem.

People with poor education and minimal opportunities trapped in a culture that perpetuates the cycle. These poor communities are bitter towards the cops and the cops are bitter towards the poor communities. Why? Well, what sorts of communities are likely to get into illegal or violent trades that are highly profitable, thusly calling for police involvement? Poor ones.

Read "In Search of Respect" if you want more perspective. It is about the puerto ricans living in Harlem's 'El Barrio' dealing with the same exact situation due to being poor immigrants from a culture that does not think education is necessary/important and there is little opportunity outside of participating in untaxed illegal trades.

The problem is not one race or the other. The problem is a societal structure that fucks over children who have no choice but to be born into poor families and then receive minimal help to break the cycle of poverty.

You don't win this by dismantling a 'racist' institution, you win it by improving human welfare on multiple fronts, encouraging education by reducing costs, making the minimum wage a LIVING wage for those who are not cut out for the upper education path, changing policies on gun use and availability for civilians AND police offers, stopping the privatization of imprisonment... 

Give people the tools to save themselves.  Outside of Freddy's gross mistreatment by cops the day he died, look at his arrest warrant history... selling drugs, selling drugs, selling drugs, buying drugs, selling drugs, robbery, selling drugs, etc... What does this represent?  Desperation for money resulting from a society in which a comfortable living is not available to those who aren't interested in school and, even if they were, may not be able to afford the outrageous costs of upper education in the United States.
------
**Tulsa Race Riot, 1921.**

The reason I know about this and most of you don't is because the government kept it a secret until finally admitting and apologizing in 2001. They kept it a secret by omitting it from records and not including it in history lessons. Many of the young kids who were alive during the race riot grew up into middle age without ever knowing it took place.

Ever hear of Black Wall Street? No surprised. This was a black community in Greenwood, Tulsa that was thriving economically. This event was sparked by an altercation in a nearby town where a 19 y/o black shoeshiner, Dick Rowland, was accused of raping a 17 w/o white girl, Sarah Page. The assumption was caused by her screaming and him fleeing the elevator they were both in.

Despite there being no evidence, a nearby man called the authorities and claimed the shoeshiner had raped the girl. The authorities questioned the girl but no record of it has surfaced, most likely because they felt like whatever happened between the two was less than the assumed rape.

The next day, Rowland was picked up and put in jail. Over the course of the day, newspapers reported mostly false information about how Rowland *did* rape the girl. Reports of Rowland to be lynched were also in the newspaper which angered the black community, because most of them new Rowland as a good kid. The whites armed themselves with guns when the black community began getting angrier at the fact that Rowland's lynching was true.

By the end of this day the riot official broke out when the whites and blacks began shooting. This was more of a shootout, and it left many black men and white men dead in the street. A mob of white people eventually formed that stormed through Greenwood, who fired at any black person in sight.

The next and last day of the incident consisted of burning down Greenwood's churches, schools, hospitals, etc. Biplanes leftover from WWI were used to fire rifles from above and drop firebombs onto the town. Eventually, the Oklahoma National Guard arrived and declared martial law.

**The Aftermath:** Over 800 non-fatal injuries, 39 deaths, and an estimated 10,000 blacks were left homeless, and 35 city blocks composed of 1,256 residences were destroyed by fire. The surviving citizens of Greenwood were transported to the nearby white town because Greenwood's hospital was burned to the ground.

[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulsa_race_riot)

Edit: Down voted by the government to keep people blind!
------
In other words your ok with blacks going to jail and those nasty dirty weed smokers and poor people going to jail.

Land of the free if your white and rich

pathetic, and racist the amerikkkan way go burn some crosses or hug your guns.
------
I'm telling you this as a fellow white, straight, cis male: we objectively and statistically have it better in many facets of life. Yes, there are plenty of examples where white people/men/straight people/whatever are slightly disadvantaged, but the difference is that discrimination against us is not systemic. 

We may be able, if we're really looking, to find ways that somebody or something is trying to screw us a couple of times a week. It is difficult for black/asian/hispanic folks, women, the LGBT community, etc. to find a day that they aren't discriminated against. Black men in anything other than a freshly cleaned suit are assumed to be criminals; lesbian women have to "come out" again and again to people, usually to the responses of either "that figures" or "you don't look like a lesbian!"; bisexuals are accused of lying about their sexual preferences or told that they're just confused; try to find a non-white woman in American media that isn't just the sassy friend of the lead character.

Less than 1% of Fortune 500 CEOs are black, compared to about the 14% of the population black people represent. About 20% of US Congress members are women, compared to the 50% of the total population.

While non-white women seem to be the most likely demographic to receive food stamps, Owsley County, Kentucky (a county that is 99.22% white), receives more than 50% of it's total income from food stamps. 

What I'm saying is that life can *really* suck for everybody. *Everybody* is a little racist, sexist, whatever. We've had it unjustly and subconsciously drilled into us to be suspicious of certain kinds of people, to make assumptions about certain kinds of people. By recognizing that there is a systemic problem in the US, and by trying to reconcile our own shortcomings, we have a much better chance at keeping kids out of jail and in schools, putting money into our economy and boosting innovation, and really start getting close to living up to the ideal that all men are created equal.
------
To answer your asinine question, I'd choose the "prejudicial" government, but a government is not "prejudicial" or "oppressive" because it keeps people from spewing hate speech that harms others. How does that logic even work? A government is "evil" because you're not allowed to say actually evil and harmful things that degrade another group of humans. You're literally free of any and all real governmental oppression in your day to day life, you're not forced into a labor camp to slave away for your government, but you think just because you cant' shout "nigger" at blacks, that makes your whole society some sort of prison? Get a fucking grip child. 

&gt;you only accept the minority whereas I accept the minority and the racist.

You must honestly think you're very enlightened. Racism should never be accepted and accepting racism doesn't make you some enlightened highly tolerant individual. It makes you a scumbag for accepting such hate. Racism does nothing but harm already disadvantaged groups and offers no value to society but spreading unnecessary fear and hate. Grow up.


------
I think black people get more credit when they seem to come from the hood so the famous ones act hood as fuck. Kat Williams is from Evandale Ohio. Less than 3000 people. Not really a ghetto where his pimp hand had to be strong. But his character seems like cincinnati hood rat pimptasticness.   
Blacks that are famous in my life are sports stars, musicians, civil rights leaders, crazy preachers, and Obama. It's a community circle jerk to give a middle class black shit for not dragging himself out of the hood like so many others claim to have had to do.  
Opinion alert- I also think black trash are more loud and proud about being trashy than white trash. I'm poor white trash as fuck and I've got plenty of experiences in trash culture on both sides so bear with me.   
White trash- rigs a vehicle to run just enough to be legal. (my truck is hotwired and has a very DIY exhaust and e brake.   
Black trash has fancy rims on a 1992 airbagged Honda accord.   
Both make the same money on welfare, both have filthy koolaid stained kids that have behavior issues in school. (these are stereotypes from my life experiences so don't shit on me). 
Here's where it gets blatant vs hidden. No one has to drive through the back woods to get groceries so you never see as much white trash shit as you could if the general collective of trailer trash good ol boys had to live in a city.   Black people in my experience fucking loathe the outdoor lifestyle so they live in cities. I have to drive through their neighborhoods to get places more often. This display of their culture in the open makes it easier to shit on their way of life vs if you had to drive through a trailer park to get your groceries.     
Fancy cars and hella embroidered jeans embraces the stereotype that you're on welfare leeching off the system while jimbob and Mary pat with their 5 kids and 3 dead trucks and dented Taurus limping to Walmart looks like you're trying to get shit together. 
  
White people aren't as hard acting as black people. Whites will cry about their struggle while blacks will glorify it and act like its making them tougher.   
I have more observations but I don't want to ramble. So you will maybe believe I'm not full of shit, my town has been featured in /r/abandonedporn a few times, I've been stabbed, my mom lived in a trailer park for 14 years, grew up on a pig farm, went to jails and juvis, I've been locked up everywhere since I was 10 and I ve lived in the shittiest neighborhoods you can imagine. I'm poor white trash kinda masquerading as a middle class white person. I just have a decent job at 29 and a knack for fixing my own problems.     
Last thing, Why do black people in the hood not use the sidewalks? Serious question. In many cities I've lived in (and I've lived always on the bad side of the town) black people 90% of the time don't use sidewalks.   
Again, all of this is my observations and may not pertain to the actual question but I'm just adding my 2 cents.
------
the sad thing is that that is often the case. unjust punishments happen to our most vulnerable populations, blacks, latinos, poor people, women and of course children can get life in prison without parole in the usa.
------
1) We have not done shit for the poor. They still live paycheck to paycheck. Since Reagan the idea's been trickle down, that's why it hasn't done anything. We need to get poor people jobs that pay a living wage.

2) Real poverty is below the poverty line.

3) Blacks have become criminals because for the past two hundred years they've been oppressed. Police abuse and target them, it's harder for them to find jobs, no wonder a lot of them end up with a criminal record. And our society is awful at rehabilitating prisoners so once they start a criminal record, they stay criminals.
------
So that interview I believe is from 1959, here is an interview from 1961 where he says the same points but I quote most of the places where the word equal comes up. Nothing to sugar coat when he says it very clearly, again if you listened to the interview then you will agree with me in the point that he says the entire time there is no equality in that society because blacks are disadvantaged in politics, social life, economics, culture, etc. I don't remember but maybe you could search it to double me but he makes a biblical jab at the "meek inherit the earth" and says blacks will inherit the earth since they're dispossessed and God will strike down the devils and so on. Again, so we established he expects God to bring down whites not to outright kill them or murder them and in fact he specifics in that interview very specifically that it is a collapse of civilization not a genocide he predicts because he sees their civilization built on poison that will corrupt their own society. The entire interview if you read it its very clear, if you follow and listen to what he says the entire time then it means something fuller than if you look at the end and quote it. Is it sugarcoating to say listening to his entire interview gives a different theme than slicing the ending out from the rest? That listening to his years of thought gives a different idea from one year or moment? If we were to take his last speech in isolation, we would think all his life he was a sparkling example of human rights activism. He wasn't. If we were to take a speech from his middle school class we would think he was a bourgeois black man, was he? No. If we were to take a monologue from his time as Detroit Red, or as Satan in prison, (you get the point) then we get very different pictures then if we actually just listen to what he is saying thematically and track it. So if doing that is sugarcoating then alright.

[here](http://www.wnyc.org/story/87636-remembering-malcolm-x-rare-interviews-and-audio/)

&gt;but a separate neighborhood is a neighborhood that is independent, it's equal, it can do —it can stand on its own two feet, such as the neighborhood. It's an independent, free neighborhood, free community.

...

&gt;When you are equal with another person, the problem of integration doesn't even arise. It does — it doesn't come up. You — the Chinese in this country aren't asking for integration. The — the Japanese aren't asking for integration. The only minority in America that's asking for integration is the so-called Negro, primarily because he is inferior, not inherently inferior, but he's economically, socially, politically inferior.

...

&gt;Segregation is that which is forced upon an inferior by a superior. Separation is done voluntarily by two equals.

...

&gt;the black man, since the white man, has found it impossible to bring about integration, other than toke on a ta — other than on a token basis, and which proves that the, the two of us, the ex-slave and the master, can't live in the same house as equals.

...

&gt;When you have something of your own, you have dignity. But whenever you are begging for a chance to participate in that which belongs to someone else, or use that which belongs to someone else, on an equal basis with the owner, that's not dignity. That's ignorance.

...

&gt;How can people, a — a group of people, such as our people, who own no factories, have equal job opportunities competing against the race that owns the factories?

&gt;The only way the two can have equal job opportunities is if black people have factories as, as well as white people have factories. And then w — bl — we can —employ whites or we can employ blacks, just like they can employ whites or they can employ blacks.
